Alan Dershowitz 





Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138 
Soseph Recarey 
Detective 
Palm Beach Police Department * Se eed 


* 345-8. County Road 
Palni.Beach, FI, 33480 


Re: Epstein matter 
Dear Detective Recarey: 


Tam sending you this letter in response to the serious concem you raised at our 
meeting. regarding an alleged claim that one of our investigators had mistepresented 
himself as a’police officer and in-fact had actually attempted to impersonate you. As I 
told you neither I nor my client would evér tolerate-any such conduct'on the part of our 
investigators, With that in mind, I immediately began an inquiry of our staff, and’believe 
that the coritempordricous notes taken:by our investigator, while attempting to interview 

will provide. the, necessary explanation ‘for. your thoroughly justified 

consteitiation. . It will also, I believe, provide'a more troublesomie and telling-illustration 
‘of her character’ At our meeting, you may -recall;.I-dlso .advised you ‘that our 
investigation had discovered at least one of her web sites and-I.am enclosing some - 
examples. You will note that she, kerself, has chosen to go by the nickname of “pimp © 

- juice? and the ‘site goes on ‘to.detail, including phiotos, her apparent fascination with 
marijuana; This will come-as no surprise to you as I'm sure you are already aware of her 
recent Palm Beach arrest for both possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. 

The following raw. notes were taken by investigators (one who’ suffers from a 

. quite: distinct speech. impediment, making, therefore, a. truly innocent claim of 
impersonation virtually impossible). Both of them have many years experience in 
conducting defense investigations and debriefing witnesses. They are both well versed in 
the:law and extremely sensitive to any potential allegations of wrongdoing especially 
from: witnesses who may have their own agendas. In this instance, they were instructed 
to take’ MEE staremeiit verbatim because we feared that she, an accomplished 
drama student, might try.to mislead them as sticcessfully as she had misled others. They 
were instructed to ask detailed. questions to further elucidate her previous 

-Ptonouncements regarding the-extreme lengths she'would go to as-she put it “to be rich, 
no; { mean teally, really. rich”. But as-you will read, they niever got a chance ta ask even'a 
single question, and could not for.a moment be thought of, as attempting to misrepresent 
themselves as police’ officers. In-fact.even though, they are both. well prepared and 
seasoned investigators, they were quite shocked at the overwtielming, non-stop barrage of 
profanity being hurled at them at-a furious pave and volume from what initially appeared 


otily to be a: young worndn of slight build and ach deaosant ‘The following:is an excerpt _ 
from the investigator's report etalting’ her extremely-short but none the Jess pungent 
statements; 


“11.21.2005, my  partuer; “Steve ‘Kiraly, ‘and traveled to Orange Park 
Gacksonville), Florida, in order to attempt to interview NE The purpose of 
having two people present was to act as witnesses as to-whatever might have been said by 
ary during the course of our interview, INM'ives with-her 18 year old boyftiend, 
William, and his mother and boyfriend ot NNN Orange. Park, FL. At 
approximately 6:30pm [ll arrived-home. We waited about 10 maintites and approached 
the residence. I knocked on the door and a woman, who I now know as ee] 
answered the door. J told her that we would. like'to spéak ‘with [NNN She said 
there was no EM there. { said there must be bécause:her Jeep was parked out 
front. She then said; “I’m sorry, you mean MM and-I.said-yes, Mllithen came to the 
door: The following conversation took’ place. 

[Riley{M ny name is ‘Bill Riley (as 1 handéd her my-business card) and’this is my 
partner Steve Kiraly. We.ate investigators ‘from Miami working on behalf of Jeftrey 
Epstein. 

HIRE con't talk to fucking cops and I’ ma: not talking to'you. 

FRiley) [I we’re not cops. 

‘ou need to Jeave, : Get the fuck off my property,.leave now. 
[Riley] [ll there is no need to-be hostile. We are not cops. We are just trying to learn. 





Get the fuck off my property. What, you're still standing here? 
‘We're leaving but we don’t understand why you’re so hostile. 
You have no right to be here. I moved. All that shit is behind me in another. 
world so get the fuck out of here. 
jes back inside the house ahd Sans outside on the porch 
Ma'am we’re not being hostile, We’re here just to learn the truth, 
Look, JBM is 2 good girl.and she left down there. We’ re trying to sort things 
‘out now and hire ber an attorney. 
understand but we’re not the bad: guys and we're not cops. 
|Okay, but she doesn’t want to talk with you and you really have no right being 
ere on my property this time of night. 
[Riley] I’m sorry we're here at 6:45pin-but your sou, Will, told us we could came back. 
He doesn’t own this property. 
Lame back outside 
‘You’re still hiere, get the fuck out: I’m calling the cops if you do not leave, 
we're ‘talking with hnd yes, s4¢’re leaving; ‘but all we wanted was to 
learn the truth from you about what knowledge you may or-may not have.” 
As you can gather from this, we believe her to be the source of your concern. ‘ 
Our other, but we believe, less likely pl source for the potential 
misunderstanding could be a close friend of Miss named EE who goes 
the nioré outlandish self chosen moniker and-complete web-name of ees, 
whose web page I also enclose. * 


Jn the event that the source of the allegstion is neither of the two women 
‘mentioned above, if yeu would provide'me with the name of the person, or persons, 
‘making the claim , I Will check with the relevant investigators and follow through wat 
‘We are satisfied that we have gotten to the bottom of this mater. 

[trust the information provided inthis letter is helpful to jou as we al ny to tring 
this dificult period to «close, 


Zilon Deohoaile 


‘Alan Dershowitz 





Endosures 

ee: Bary Krischer 
Lana Belohlavek 
Daliah Weiss 


