UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 


CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2, 


Petitioners, 
VS. 


UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 





Respondent. 
/ 
DECLARATION OF ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
1. My name is Alan M. Dershowitz. I make this declaration on personal knowledge 


and pursuant to the provisions of 28 U.S.C. § 1746. 

2. I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 

Executed this mm day of January, 2015, in [city], [state]. 
Never under any circumstanced have I ever had any sexual contact of any kind with Jane Doe #3, 
whose alleged identity has been referenced by the BBC. ( Her identity was disclosed because she 
“waived her anonymity in an interview with the Mail on Sunday in 2011”’.) 

3. Ihave never had any sexual contact of any kind with any of the Jane Does mentioned in 
the law suit. I have never had any sexual contact with any underage person, or with any 
person associated with Jeffrey Epstein. I have never had sexual contact with any of them 
on an airplane, Caribean Island, New Mexico, Palm Beach, New York or anywhere else. 
I unconditionally deny in the strongest terms without any reservations or doubt all of the 


sexual allegations made by Jane Doe #3 and her lawyers. 


4. Specifically, Jane Doe #3 has alleged that she had sex with me on Mr. Epstein’s 
Carribean island. I was on that island only once in my life, for approximately one day. I 
was with my wife and daughter during the entire day. We slept over night in the same 
room. We had dinner with Mr. Epstein and a distinguished professor from the Harvard 
Business School, his wife, her sister, brother in law and their kids, and an older woman. 
During our entire stay on the island, we never saw any young woman that fit the 
description of Jane Doe #3. Indeed we do not recall seeing any young women during our 
entire visit to the island. The older woman showed us around the island. There is no 
conceivable possibility that I could have had any sexual encounter with Jane Doe #3 
during that period. Her lawyers could have easily learned this by simply calling and 
asking me for the specifics. I would have then provided them with the names of 
unimpeachable witnesses who would have contradicted Jane Doe #3’s false account. 

5. Second, she has allegeded that she had sex with me in Mr. Epstein’s house in New 
Mexico. I was in that house only once while it was under construction. My wife, daughter 
and I were driven there by a New Mexico business man and his wife, who we were 
visiting. Mr. Epstein was not there. Nor were there any young girls visible at any time. 
We were shown around the house by a woman, fnot Jane Doe #3, for about an hour and 
then drove back with our friends. Her lawyers could have easily learned this by simply 
calling and asking me for the specifics. I would have then provided them with the names 
of unimpeachable witnesses who would have contradicted Jane Doe #3’s false account. 

6. Third, she has accused me of having sex with her on Jeffrey Epstein’s plane. I was on 
that plane on several occassions as the manifests will show, but never under 


circumstances where it would have been possible to have sex with Jane Doe #3. On a 


couple of occassions I was on his plane with my wife and daughter. On another occasion 
I was on the plane with my nephew and several older people going to see a launch at 
Cape Kennedy. On several other occassions, after the alleged events at issue, I was on the 
plane with memberts of Mr. Epstein’s legal team flying down to perform legal services. I 
was also on the plane alone without Mr. Epstein or any passengers on a couple of 
occassions. Once being flown to Montreal to make a speech. And once being flown down 
to Florida to make a legal presentation. Had his lawyers called me I would have provided 
them this information and told them to check the manifests. 

. As to Mr. Epstein’s homes in New York City and Palm Beach, I categorically state that I 
never had any sexual contact with anyone other than my wife in the Palm Beach home 
(my wife and family stayed in this home for a few days when Mr. Epstein was not there 
and no one but the house keepter was there.) As to his home in NYC, I never had any 
sexual contact with anyone at any time. 

In a statement issued to the press, Jane Doe #3 lawyers, Brad Edwards and Paul Cassell, 
have falsely stated that “they tried to depose Mr. Dershowitz on these subjects, although 
he has avoided those deposition requests”. By using the term “these subjects” in a 
satement about the sexual abuse charges recently made against me, these lawyers have 
falsely implied that they sought to depose me on allegations regarding my own conduct. 
That is a total and categorical lie. Several years ago they wrote, asking to depose me on 
Jeffrey Epstein’s activities and whether I ever witnessed any of his alleged crimes. I 
recall responding that I could not testify as to any privileged information and that I was 
not a witness to any alleged crimes. They did not follow up with a subpoena. Any 


suggestion that I refused to respond to questions about any allegations regarding my own 


alleged sexual conduct is totally and categorically false. The lawyers know this and yet 
continue to perpetuate the false impression that I was somehow given an opportunity to 
respond to these false and salacious charges agaisnt me and refused to do so. The written 
record will bear out the truth of what I have said and demonstrate the deliberate falsity of 
what they have suggested. 

. I believe and allege that Jane Doe #3 knows that the charges she has leveled against me 
are totally false and she has alleged them with complete knowledge of their falsity. Her 
lawyers, Brad Edwards and Paul Cassell, also knew or could have easily learned, that I 
could not have done and did not do any of the heinous things they allege I did in the 
pleading. If they had done any reasonable investigation of their client’s false allegations, 
they would have found absolute proof that I did not. They claim in a written statement 
that they “investigate” before filing. But they did not specifically state that they 
investigated this claim against me before filing this false and scurilous charge. They 
could not have, because even the most minimal of investigation would have proven 
conclusively that I could not have had sex with their client on the island, in New Mexico 
or on the airplanes, and that I did not have sex with her in his New York or Palm Beach 
homes. They would also have learned, if they did not already know, that Jane Doe #3 is a 
serial liar, whose uncorrobrated word should never be credited. She has claimed to have 
been with former President Clinton on Mr. Epstein’s island. She has provided specific 
and detailed information about Mr. Clinton’s activities on the island. Yet, on information 
and belief, I have been advised that secret service records would confirm that President 
Clinton has never set foot on that island. It has also been reported that she told her father 


that she met Queen Elizabeth. On information and belief, a check of the records of 


10. 


11. 


Buckingham Palace would disclose that she lied to her father about such a visit. On 
information and belief, she has also told lies about many world leaders. Finally, on 
information and belief, a check of Jane Doe #3’s record will show that 

the state attorney in Palm Beach county dropped a case that she sought to bring based on 
an assessment by the investigating detective regarding the “victim’s lack of credability”. 
A copy of this letter was forwarded to central records. Her lawyers knew or should have 
known about her history of lying and her utter lack of credability before filing an 
allegedly privileged legal statement that asserts false and defamatory information about a 
fellow lawyer based on her word alone. 

I believe and allege that they deliberately inserted this false and defamatory charge, 
which they knew or should have known to be false and defamatory, in a legal pleading 
that does not seek an evidentiary hearing or provide for any other opportunity for me to 
respond to , rebut or disprove their knowlingly false charge. They placed it in a legal 
proceeding, in a public filing, in bad faith in an effort to have the media report it, while 
they hide behind claims of litigation and journalistic privilege. I believe and allege that 
their bad faith purpose was to have this false charge made public, while denying me any 
legal recourse. There is no realistic possibility that this pre New Year’s filing would have 
been picked up by the media had they or someone on their behalf not deliberately allerted 
the media to its existence. 

They have now repeatedly spoken to the media about their false allegation against me, 
falsely asserting that it had a “factual” basis and providing BBC with a list of questions 


they should ask me. I answered all of their questions. They have studiously tried to avoid 


repeating the specific false charges publically, knowing that if they do, I will sue them for 
defamation. 

12. Again, let me assert categorically, without reservation and with full awareness of the 
risks of perjury that I did not ever, under any circumstances, have any sexual contact of 


any kind with Jane Doe #3. 


Alan M. Dershowitz 


