Case 1:19-cv-03377-LAP Document 159-3 Filed 08/10/20 Page1of5 





EXHIBIT C 


Case 1:19-cv-03377-LAP Document 159-3 Filed 08/10/20 Page 2 of 5 


ZAEIGER, TIGGES & LITTLE Lip 


ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
TELEPHONE: (614) 365-9900 


FACSIMILE: (614) 365-7900 3500 HUNTINGTON CENTER WRITER’S DIRECT NUMBER: 
(614) 365-4113 
41 SOUTH HIGH STREET 


COLUMBUS, OHIO 43215 


July 10, 2020 


Via Email 


Howard M. Cooper, Esq. 
Todd & Weld LLP 

One Federal Street 
Boston, MA 02110 
hcooper@toddweld.com 


Re: David Boies v. Alan Dershowitz 
Supreme Court of New York, County of New York 
Case No. 160874/2019 (the “State Action”); 


Virginia L. Giuffre v. Alan Dershowitz 
U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York 


Case No. 19-cv-3377 (Preska, J.) (the “Federal Action”) (collectively, the 
Federal Action and the State Action are referred to as the “Lawsuits”) 


Dear Howard: 


We are writing in response to your email of June 29, 2020. The delay in our response 
was caused by the two in-court preliminary injunction hearings the undersigned has tried within 
the last seven days, with a third scheduled this upcoming Monday. 


At the outset, we note that your email appears to be an effort to rewrite both the context 
and content of our discussions. We assume that your client is driving this new position, but we 
are obviously obligated to respond directly through you. 


To be clear, our position on this matter has been consistent throughout. Although you 
incorrectly state the amount of documents, we have previously confirmed for you that in 
response to a subpoena we would have certain non-privileged, but otherwise confidential, 
information responsive to your client’s subpoena. We have never suggested or indicated that 
such records would be released without the benefit of a protective order. To the contrary, the 
Ohio Code of Professional Responsibility, as outlined in our prior correspondence, requires that 
we affirmatively seek to secure a protective order before the production of such information. We 
have cited for you this mandatory rule. We have cited for you the case law. In response to both, 
you have offered nothing. 


EXHIBIT 
C 


Case 1:19-cv-03377-LAP Document 159-3 Filed 08/10/20 Page 3 of 5 


ZEIGER, TIGGES & LITTLE Lip 


Howard M. Cooper, Esq. 
July 10, 2020 
Page 2 


In our initial discussion, you represented that the parties to the case were developing a 
proposed protective order, which a review of the docket reveals never occurred. Later, you 
communicated your client’s position that a protective order would only be acceptable to him in 
the most limited of circumstances, namely the protection of tax information and health 
information. We disagreed and tendered a protective order for your review and consideration. 
There is nothing extraordinary about the protective order. It is, quite frankly, fairly customary 
and standard for this type of litigation and this form has been filed in countless federal 
proceedings. 


We believe District Judge Preska will agree. Having reviewed the July 1, 2020 Order 
issued in the Federal Action, it appears that the Court does not share your client’s view as to the 
scope or import of protective orders. For example, the Court commented: “The Maxwell 
Protective Order . . . is unremarkable in form and function,” and then discussed its basic 
elements. The protective order we tendered for your review contains these same elements and 
serves the same basic purpose. 


Your email suggests that your client is changing his position and is more flexible than 
previously represented as to the scope of the protective order. If this is tcue (as it should be), we 
invite you to return a redline copy of the protective order we tendered to you. We are not, 
however, prepared to speculate and guess as to your client’s position on any given day. 


We have been equally clear as to the scope of permissible discovery. We have agreed to 
make Attorney Zeiger available for deposition given that he arguably has discoverable 
information. While we believe the information is unfavorable to your client’s claims, we are 
prepared to make Attorney Zeiger available for your examination so that you can confimn this as 
well. In contrast, we have repeatedly advised that Mr. Wexner does not have any non-privileged 
personal information relevant to the purported conspiracy theory narrative outlined in your 
client’s amended counterclaim in the Federal Action. And what other information he may 
possess, 1s simply collateral, extrinsic evidence of no admissibility or, quite frankly, import to the 
claims of these cases. On this point as well, District Judge Preska’s July 1 Order further supports 
our view that the discovery sought by your client is impermissibly broad, as the Court offered 
several comments questioning the scope of the discovery pursued by your client. 


We have consistently communicated the foregoing positions so that we could identify and 
narrow those issues that District Judge Preska would be required to consider and resolve. This 
is, of course, an obligation that all counsel share as part of any extrajudicial dialogue addressing 
discovery disputes. We had also shared with you our intention to move the Court for a protective 
order on whatever issues remain unresolved. 


Now as for the event presumably prompting your client’s most recent position, you 
inquired whether we would make the requested documents available to both you and your client 


Case 1:19-cv-03377-LAP Document 159-3 Filed 08/10/20 Page 4of5 


ZEIGER, TIGGES & LITTLE LLP 
Howard M. Cooper, Esq. 
July 10, 2020 
Page 3 


before the Court’s resolution of our motion for a protective order—even though your client had 
not agreed to a protective order. We responded that we would consider your proposal but we 
were concerned given the lack of an enforcement mechanism for ensuring compliance with a 
confidentiality commitment. You responded by noting that you would not share the information 
with your opponents unless they agreed to maintain the confidentiality of the information, but 
did not address the lack of an enforcement mechanism. The latter is particularly important as we 
already have advised you of your client’s breach of his confidentiality agreement with Attorney 
Zeiger—an agreement (and breach) that we have not waived. 


We then advised, on June 23, that we would not release the information without the 
benefit of an enforcement mechanism for seeking a contempt of court citation. The necessity for 
such protection was made clear by press reports detailing the content of sealed materials 
purportedly made available to you. 


NEW: Alan Dershowitz's attorney confirms that his client has 
access to Virginia Giuffre's sealed depositions. Those 
depositions reveal that she was directed by Jeffrey Epstein to 
have sex with former Israeli PM Ehud Barak & Victoria's 
Secret's Les Wexner. 


[Julie K. Brown June 23, 2020 
Twitter Post. | 


District Judge Preska’s July 1 Order, at footnote 6, further highlights the necessity for an 
enforcement mechanism given the public and toxic-fashion in which your client has sought to 
litigate his disputes with Ms. Giuffre. Those comments need not be repeated here. 


Equally troubling is that we have re-reviewed you client’s pleading in the Federal Action 
in light of the foregoing. Paragraph 23 of the Amended Complaint specifically discloses the 
contents of a “sealed deposition.” Is this the same deposition that District Judge Preska ordered 
released to you with the stipulation that the contents remain sealed? If it is the same deposition, 
there 1s compelling reason for the Court to issue a protective order and take such other action as 
she deems appropriate. 


Turning to your threats to proceed with the filing of a Motion to Compel, we do not 
believe your client has a basis for seeking any relief. However, we assume (and insist) any such 
motion will be filed consistent with the local rules and in a manner that is consistent with all 
pending orders and directions by the District Court. 


As for your statement that you are no longer willing to wait until the fall for depositions, 
we offer two points. First, the timing of the depositions is not a choice for you to make. We 
have already advised that there will be no deposition of Mr. Wexner until the District Judge has 


Case 1:19-cv-03377-LAP Document 159-3 Filed 08/10/20 Page 5of5 


ZEIGER, TIGGES & LITTLE LLP 
Howard M. Cooper, Esq. 
July 10, 2020 
Page 4 


resolved the disputes and, in any event, no depositions will occur unless they are done in a 
manner that does not unnecessarily create health risks given the ages of the deponents. We cite 
for your benefit the national headlines reporting on the surge of COVID-19 cases and State’s re- 
closings. In our county, for example, Ohio’s Governor is issuing an order obligating the wearing 
of facial coverings. Second, Mr. Zeiger and Mr. Wexner will not compromise their rights in 
response to your client’s threat to make things inconvenient for them. 


Moreover, we had accepted service of the subpoenas based upon your representations as 
to the dates and times of the depositions—your transmittal correspondence confirms the same. 
Given your client’s breach of this agreement, the deponents are relieved from the subpoenas. 
Your client can re-serve the subpoenas at his pleasure and then we will respond appropriately. 
Given that your client’s entrenched position seems to be diametrically inconsistent with the 
District Judge’s view on this matter, we will be pleased to present these issues to the Court for 
full consideration and all available relief. 


There is another point your client should appreciate. Rule 45 expressly provides for a 
non-party’s recovery of its attorneys’ fees where undue burden or expense has been imposed. 
The following conduct certainly supports recovery of fees: Mr. Dershowitz’s game playing of 
(a) seeking the discovery of confidential information ut not agreeing to a protective order; (b) 
making representations with respect to the service $f a subpoena and then reneging on the 
agreement; and (c) interposing baseless threats in an éffort tq force a capitulation from a non- 
party. Each supports an award of all fees and cops. | 





ior l. 





MHL: tlt: 1053-001:864313 


