MEMO TO: Curtis K. Marcum #2029, Commander, Organized Crime Bu: 
FROM: Elizabeth A. Leupp, Analyst, Organized Crime Bureau 
DATE: June 6, 1991 


SUBJECT: SHAPIRO HOMICIDE INVESTIGATION 


Sir: 





An analytical project was opened in 1985 as a result of the 
mob-style murder of Arthur Shapiro, a local attorney in the 
law firm (then) of Schwartz, Shapiro, Kelm and Warren. | 


Because of the strong similarities between this homicide and 
a Mafia (L.C.N.) "hit", the analysis included an in-depth 
study of major L.C.N. groups having contact in/near the 
central Ohio area. These groups seem to include crime 
"families" in Chicago, Detroit, Cleveland, Pittsburg, and to 
some degree, the Genovese family in New York City. 


There seems to be very little reliable investigative 
literature concerning the Chicago and Detroit groups. 
However, we do have access to reports from MAGLOCLEN, the 
Pennsylvania Crime Commission and the New Jersey Commission of 
Investigation with reference to groups in Ohio and areas to 
the east of us. The attached L.C.N. information was lifted 
(and in many cases, blatantly plagiarized) from those sources. 


os 


Over time, the analysis of the Shapiro homicide became greatly 
expanded and more complex with the development of unusual 
interactive relationships between the following business 
organizations: 


(a) The Major Chord Jazz Club and its parent/investment 
groups (now defunct), 


(b) The Limited and its investment interests, 


(c) The Walsh Trucking Company and the alleged relationship’ 
between owner Frank Walsh and the Genovese crime family, 


(d) The law firm now known as Schwartz, Kelm, Warren and 
Rubenstein (homicide detectives report that the name was 
changed within hours of Shapiro's homicide), 

(e) Omni Oil Company (dba Omni Petroleum, Omni Exploration), 


(f) The Edward DeBartolo Corporation, of Youngstown, Ohio, 
and the alleged relationship between owner 


DeBartolo and the Genovese crime Sr eOPY 


(g) John W. Kessler, local developer. 


The attached link diagram illustrates these apparer 
relationships. 


The primary source(s) of our information are intelligence summaries 
from investigators in our bureau, intelligence from MAGLOCLEN, the 
Pennsylvania Crime Commission, and the New Jersey Commission of 
Investigation, and published reports from major media (newspapers, 
periodicals). Copies of relevant reports are available for 


reference. 


I. Historical Data (does not necessarily reflect current 
conditions): 


A. The Major Chord Jazz Club and Jesry [II Limited 
Partnership (now defunct). 


Lu Jesry II Limited Partnership was formed to own and 
manage the jazz club. This partnership is operated 


by Jesry II Corporation, of which Jerry Hammond was 
president. Mr. Hammond was also president of 
Columbus City Council at the time. 


2. °SNIJC Holding, Inc. is named as an investor in the 
jazz club. It was incorporated August 6, 1987 by 
James H. Balthaser, attorney with Schwartz, Keln, 
Warren and Rubenstein. This law firm is/was legal 
counsel for The Limited. 


The address for SNIC Holding is Suite 3710, 
Huntington Center, the same address as Wexner 


Investment Company. 


st 


3. W_& K Partnership was not registered and its owners 
could not be positively identified, but it is 
listed as an investor in the jazz club. 


It is noted, however, that Wexner and Kessler are 
co-developers of "Wexley", and there was an 
annextion dispute involving the city of Columbus 
and "Wexley" land. It is possible that W_& K 
Partnership was the forerunner of the New Albany. 
Company through which Wexner and Kessler developed 
"Wexley". 


4. The Smith-Hale Partnership was the investment of 
Ben W. Hale, Jr., and Constance Smith in the jazz 
club. Mr. Hale and Mrs. Smith's husband, Harrison 
W. Smith, are partners in the law firm of Smith and 
Hale, who represented "Wexley" developers Wexner 
and Kessler in the land annexation dispute. 


4. CoPY 


ee 


Other Related Entities: 


l. 


3. 


The law firm now known as Schwartz, Kelm, Warren & 
Rubenstein represented The Limited. Prior to his 
death, Arthur Shapiro managed this account for the 
law firm; Stanley Schwartz, senior partner, took 
over the account when Shapiro died. 


Wexner Investment Company was incorporated December 
31, 1987 by Stanley Schwartz as agent. 


Samax Trading Corporation, a company Wexner 
controls, was incorporated in July 1985 by Stanley 


Schwartz who described the purpose: "the privately 
held company is engaged in business liquidation." 


Through Samax, Wexner acquired 70 percent of Omni 
Exploration (dba Omni Oil) in August 1985. Stanley 
Schwartz was elected to the board of directors with 


- Wexner. 


Walsh Trucking Company is/was the major trucking 
company for The Limited. Francis "Frank" Walsh, 


owner and president, allegedly has strong ties to 
the Genovese crime family. 


In July 1984, National Westminister Bank of New 
York notified Frank Walsh Financial Resources 
(Company) that the New York Department of Law 
Organized Crime Task Force had issued a subpoena 
for Walsh's bank records. The notice was addressed 
to Frzenk Walsh Financial Resources at One Limited 
Parkway--the address of The Limited. 


Leslie Wexner and the Youngstown, Ohio developer, 

Edward J. DeBartolo, have a long history of 

partnership in business dealings. Mr. DeBartolo 

allegedly has strong ties to the Genovese/LaRocca. 
crime family. 


Other Data Supporting Linkage: 


i. 


Harold L. Levin, president of Wexner Investment 
Company, is also vice-president of P.F.I. Leasing 
Company. The two companies share a common 
telephone number on the 37th floor of the 
Huntington Center office building. 


The 37th floor of the Huntington Center is also the 
address for the John W. Kessler Company and the New 


Albany Company. 3 4 


3. The Wexner Investment Company also has an office in 
Suite 1675 of the Huntington Center, as does First 
Intercontinental Realty and Omni Exploration. The 
16th floor is also one of two offices for the law 
firm of Schwartz, Kelm, Warren & Rubenstein. 


4. In April 1986, Richard W. Rubenstein (Schwartz, 
Kelm, Warren & Rubenstein) was cited for speed ina 
vehicle registered to P.F.I. Leasing Company. 


5. In Bexley, Leslie Wexner and Stanley Schwartz 
are/were next door neighbors. Harold Levin lives 
across the street from then. 


D. Robert Morosky 


1. Arthur Shapiro was reportedly in direct contact 
with Vice-Chairman Robert Morosky ("Number Two") at 
The Limited. 


2. It has been noted that Les Wexner and Edward 
DeBartolo have a long history of business 
partnerships. 


3% In June 1987, Robert Morosky abruptly = and 
inexplicably left his employment with The Limited 
«. amid rumors of friction with Les Wexner. 


s 


4. Morosky then appeared in the hierarchy of Campeau's 
Allied Stores amid rumors that Wexner had planned 
to acquire the stores. 


Ds DeBartolo had loaned financial backing to Campeau's 
investment in Allied and Federated. 


LL BASES FOR CONCLUSION 


A. 


Arthur Shapiro, a local attorney in the firm (then) 
Schwartz, Shapiro, Kelm & Warren, was murdered March 6, 
1985 in a homicide having strong marks of a Mafia 
(L.C.N.y “hit".. ‘The homicide remains unsolved at this 


date. 


While all alternatives remain open for investigation, the 
homicide is considered to be and is being treated as a 


| = o or 


The motive is unknown. Homicide Squad investigators 
interviewed a number of associates, including the 


immediate family of the victin. Consensus was that 
Shapiro was a quiet, shy, private, secretive person and 
tended to be a "loner". No one could suggest a reason 


for his murder. 


It was learned that Shapiro was the subject of an 
investigation by the Internal Revenue Service because he 
had failed to file income tax returns for some seven 
years prior to his death, and he had invested in some 
questionable tax shelters. 


The homicide occurred one day prior to Shapiro's 
scheduled appearance before a Grand Jury in the I.R.Ss. 
investigation, and there was some conjecture that Shapiro 


. was in position to provide information to the Grand Jury 


that would have been damaging to some other party. The 
identity of that party and the nature of that 
information, however, could not be determined with any 


certainty. 


Given the Mafia "hit", another question is the identity 
of an individual who had the necessary contacts in the 
L.C.N.--and the personal financial resources--to buy the 
contract. 


Thus, while the motive remains unclear, the suspect is an 
individual who (a) knew Shapiro and had-= some 
personal/professional contact with him; (b) would benefit 
from his death or from ensuring his silence; (c) had 
close contact with L.C.N. figures or trusted L.C.N. 
associates; and (d) had the personal financial resources 
to afford the cost of the contract ("hit"). 


Edward DeBartolo is a real estate developer out of 
Youngstown, Ohio, and is associated with Les Wexner of. 
The Limited in Columbus. These subjects have a well- 
known history of business and investment partnerships,’ 
and in 1986, attempted jointly to acquire Carter-Hawley- 
Hale Department Stores. 


Francis J. "Frank" Walsh is owner and chief executive 
officer of Walsh Trucking Company out of New Jersey. 
Walsh Trucking is/has been primary transporter for The 
Limited in Columbus. In July 1984, Walsh was being 
investigated by the New York Organized Crime Task Force; 
notices to this effect were addressed to Walsh at One 
Limited Parkway, Columbus. 





Both DeBartolo and Walsh have been identified as 
associates of the Genovese-LaRocca crime family in 
Pittsburg (now called simply the Pittsburgh Family). 


Thus, it can be determined that Les Wexner, through The 
Limited, is associated with at least two (2) organized 
crime figures who are associated with the Pittsburgh 


crime family. 


In 1990, a follow-up analytical study found that Mr. 
Hammond's jazz club and investment company were no longer 
doing business, and Mr. Hammond had retired from City 
Council. At Mr. Hammond's recommendation, the vice- 
president of his jazz club, Ms Les Wright, was seated in 
his vacancy in City Council. 


DeBartolo and Walsh were still considered associates of 
the Genovese-LaRocca crime family, and Walsh was still 
providing truck transportation for The Limited. Robert 
Morosky had moved from The Limited to Allied Stores now 
owned by Robert Campeau with financial backing from 


DeBartolo. 


All other entities in the original study had co-located 
in close proximity in the Huntington Center office 


building. 


*.. 
s. 


III CONCLUSION: HYPOTHESIS 


From the predicate facts presented, it appears that Les Wexner 
had established contact with .associates reputed to be 
organized crime figures, one of whom was a major investment 
partner and another was using The Limited headquarters as a 


mailing address. 


It is not known whether there are other such figures among 
Wexner associates, but it can be hypothesized that the. 
Genovese-LaRocca crime families might consider Wexner a 


friend. 


Like Arthur Shapiro was, Wexner is considered a very 
secretive, very private person, and little is known about his 
business transactions that might raise questions of ethics and 
legality. For example, while it cannot be proved, it is 
hypothesized that W_& K Partnership was an investment of 
Wexner and Kessler in Jerry Hammond's jazz club hoping to 
influence favorable zoning and annexation considerations for 
"Wexley". At the very least, there would be some question of 
ethics in this transaction. , 


abe cory 


o 


It was reported that Jerry Hammond purchased suite 405 in 
Waterford Tower in August 1988, and there was some question of 
whether Mr. Hammond's income at the time would support the 
mortgage payments. Within the next 18 to 24 months, Mr. 
Hammond left his position with City Council and with the gas 
company, and the jazz club closed. According to the 1991 
Haines directory, Mr. Hammond still resides at Waterford 


Tower. 


While transactions such as this would be questionable for 
homicide, it is transactions such as this--and business 
associates with organized crime ties--that lead to a question 
of ethics and legality of other unknown transactions and 
associates with which Wexner. may be involved. 


While there is no question of ethics or legality on the 
surface, it is noted that some business organizations and 
individuals have co-located and become submerged without 
merging with Wexner and his varied business interests. Most 
notable is Stanley Schwartz and the large Schwartz, Keln, 
Warren and Rubenstein law firm. It is not clear, for example, 
why Stanley Schwartz would join the board of Omni Oil with Les 
Wexner whether or not the law firm represents The Limited. 
While The Limited would be an important client, the large law 
firm seems to remain independent of corporate bondage. 


Thus, the concluding hypothesis is that Arthur Shapiro coulda 
have answered too many of these sorts of questions, and might 
have been forced to answer them in his impending Grand Jury 
hearing; Stanley Schwartz might now be able to answer some of 
the same questions for the same reason, but does not face a 
Grand Jury, is immersed in the pattern himself, and now has a 
powerful incentive to maintain discretion. 


While the motive for the Shapiro homicide remains unclear, the 
suspect is an individual who (a) knew Shapiro and had some 
personal/professional contact with him; (b) would benefit from 
his death or by ensuring his silence; (c) had close contact 
with L.C.N. figures or trusted L.C.N. associates; and (d) had. 
the personal financial resources to afford the cost of the 
L.C.N. contract ("hit"). 


ae cory 





SHAPIRO HOMICIDE INVESTIGATION 


“. 
“* 


Link Diagram 


1985 - 1990 








CHWARTZ, 
ELM, WARREN 


JOR CHORD JAZZ CLUB 


SNUG HOLOING INC 
SUITE 3710 
HUNTINGTON 
CENTER 









COLUMBUS CITY COUNCIL 


” 


TRUCKING 


HUNTINGTON CENTER OFFICE BLDG. 
41 SOUTH HIGH STREET 


AUGUST, 1990 





37TH FLOOR 


WEXNER INVESTMENT P.F.L, LEASING 





JOHN W. KESSLER Co. 


a ° Harold L . Harold & 
~ “] Levin, Levin, 
NEW ALBANY CO, Pres, Vv. Pres. 
33RD FLOOR 
RM 3390 
| WEXNER FOUNDATION 
23RD FLOOR 


SCHWARTZ, KELM, WARREN & RUBENSTEIN 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 


16TH PLOOR 


SCHWARTZ, KELM, WARREN & 
: RUBENSTEIN 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 









Stanley 
Schwartz, 
Sc. Partner 


| RH. 1675 


. 






WEXNER INVESTMENT 
OMNI EXPLORATION 
FIRST INTERCON. REAL 


