EXHIBIT 12 


Case 1:19-cv-03377-LAP Document 1-12 Filed 04/16/19 Page 2 of 4 


United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 


VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, 


Plaintiff, Case No.: 
V. 
ALAN DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant. 
/ 
AFFIDAVIT 


I, Maria Farmer, swear and affirm as follows: 


L. 


2 


I am currently over the age of 18 and presently reside in Kentucky. 


In approximately 1995, I was an artist and a graduate student and I met Jeffrey 
Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell at an art show where I was displaying some of my 
art. Epstein said that if I sold him one of my paintings for half price he would help 
me with my career. I sold him the painting that night for half price which was 
approximately $6000.00. In 1996, Jeffrey Epstein called me and told me he was 
looking for someone to help him with acquiring art. I took the job with Epstein but 
ultimately my job responsibilities were not simply to purchase art but included 
manning the front door at his New York mansion and keeping records of people 
who came to the home. 


During the time I was supervising the door at Epstein’s mansion, I witnessed a 
number of school age girls coming to the home, some of the young girls would be 
wearing their school uniforms. The girls would come into the NY mansion and 
then would be escorted upstairs. When I asked Maxwell why these young girls 
were coming over to the house so often she said that the girls were interviewing for 
modeling positions. At the time, based on my observations at the home, it did not 
seem credible to me that these young girls were interviewing for modeling 
positions. 


Alan Dershowitz was an individual who came to visit Epstein at his New York 
mansion a number of times when I was working for Epstein. Dershowitz was very 
comfortable at the home and would come in and walk upstairs. On a number 
occasions J witnessed Dershowitz at the NY mansion going upstairs at the same 
time there were young girls under the age of 18 who were present upstairs in the 
house. 


Case 1:19-cv-03377-LAP Document 1-12 Filed 04/16/19 Page 3 of 4 


During the time that I worked for Epstein, he arranged for me to work on a special 
art project at the Ohio mansion of Leslie Wexner, This was in approximately the 
summer of 1996. I went to Ohio and stayed at the property to work on the art 
projects. I was also babysitting my two younger brother’s and they were staying 
with me at Wexner’s mansion. 


In addition to my two younger brothers, I also had a younger sister who was fifteen 
(15) years old. Maxwell and Epstein took an interest in my younger sister. Epstein 
took us to a movie in New York and during the movie he held my younger sister’s 
hand and was rubbing her in a sexual manner without my knowledge. He then 
contacted my mother and said he wanted to help put my younger sister through a 
special school program in Thailand. During the summer of 1996, Epstein and 
Maxwell flew my younger sister to their ranch in New Mexico. She was only 
fifteen (15) at the time and they directed her take off all of her clothes and get on a 
massage table. Maxwell and Epstein then touched her inappropriately on the 
massage table. It was not until later in the summer when I called my sister in 
Thailand where she was studying that I learned what had happened to her at 
Epstein’s New Mexico ranch. 


During that same summer of 1996 when I was working on my art project at 
Wexner’s mansion, Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein came to Wexner’s 
mansion. They asked me to come into a bedroom with them and then proceeded to 
sexually assault me against my will. I fled from the room and called the sheriff's 
office but did not get any response. The Wexner’s security staff refused to let me 
leave the property. I pleaded with them and my father drover up from Kentucky to 
Ohio to help me. I was held against my will for approximately twelve (12) hours 
until I was ultimately allowed to leave with my father. Upon my return to New 
York, I went to the New York Sixth Precinct police department for help and they 
counseled me to contact the FB] to make a report about the assault in Ohio. I called 
the FBI and made the report but to my knowledge, the FBJ did not take any action 
against Epstein or Maxwell. To my knowledge I was the first person to report 
Maxwell and Epstein to the FBI. It took a significant amount of bravery for me to 
make that call because I knew how incredibly powerful and influential both Epstein 
and Maxwell were particularly in the art community. 


After the sexual assault, Maxwell and Epstein called me multiple times threatening 
me. Maxwell and Epstein contacted my art clients and individuals in the art 
community in an effort to ruin my art career. Maxwell and Epstein were successful 
and I was shut out of all art related opportunities. Maxwell and Epstein worked in 
concert to make sure that my career and my life was ruined. I was terrified of 
Maxwell and Epstein and I moved a number of times to try to hide from them. 


J have struggled throughout my life as a direct result of Epstein and Maxwell’s 
actions against me and my hope is that they will be held accountable for their 
crimes. While I am still afraid, J am coming forward because I think it is so 
important to do so. 


Case 1:19-cv-03377-LAP Document 1-12 Filed 04/16/19 Page 4 of 4 


sues Yala 


larta Farmet 


STATE OF FLORIDA ) 


} 
COUNTY OF BROWARD ) 


On the oh dav of Apnil in the year of 2019, before me. Deborah c Knotol-+a the 
undersigned authority, appeared to me by video conference Maria Farmer, who is personally 
known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to. be the individual whose 
name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that she executed the same 
in her individual capacity, and that by her signature in the instrument, the individual or the 
person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument, 


Witness my hand and official seal 


DibyA C. 


Notary Public 





‘ ’ j PN 
» apt Pg Notary Public State of Florida 
: #8 Deborah C Knowiton 
4 ¢ = My Commission GG 133867 
ne a | 


Expires 11/20/2021 


POP RL 


