Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document1 Filed 04/26/16 Pagelof6 Page ID#:1 









< @, 8 
ao GN 
1 ll Name: KATIE JOHNSON 20 = 
) = mo “Tj 
2 || Address: 6634 DESERT QUEEN AVE. Bie = > = 
foe en rr} 
3 || TWENTYNINE PALMS, CA. 92277 fT Ass 2B cj 
f C77* ae 
4 || Phone: (760) 401-0192 | mo 
5 Ss 
5 || Fax: NO FAX OR E-MAIL | = 
6 || In Pro Per 
7 
8 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
9 CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 
10 CASE NUMBER: | CG ,IPe 
797 We Us 
11 || KATIE JOHNSON } n C \/ \ 
‘3 Plaintiff o be supplied by the Clerk of 
The United States District Court 
13 V. 
COMPLAINT FOR CLAIM RELIEF DUE TO: 
14 ||DONALD J. TRUMP and 
1. SEXUAL ABUSE UNDER THREAT OF HARM 
[5 | JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
2. CONSPIRACY TO DEPRIVE CIVIL RIGHTS 
16 Defendant(s). 
17 
18 Plaintiff Katie Johnson, for causes of actions against Defendants Donald J. Trump and 


19 || Jeffrey E. Epstein, alleges as follows: 
JURISDICTION 


\\ 
ao. 


21 1. Jurisdiction is pursuant to the law of Diversity, 28 U.S.C. ; 1332, as plaintiff resides in the state 
97 || of California while defendants reside in the state of New York and the action is for damages above 
23 || $75,000. 

24 VENUE 

25 2. The venue is established as the Eastern Division of the United States Court Central District 
96 || of California because the plaintiff resides in San Bernadino County, State of California 

a 

28 : 


PLEADING PAGE FOR A COMPLAINT aL 


CV-126 (09/09) 


TT 


oO Oo HN DH A Se WD NO KR 


fem = pm 
nn) 


LZ 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document1 Filed 04/26/16 Page 2of6 Page ID #:2 | 


PARTIES 

3. The Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, resides in the State of California. 

4, The Defendants, Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein, each reside in the State of 
New York. 

FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 

5. The Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, alleges that the Defendants, Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. 
Epstein, did willfully and with extreme malice violate her Civil Rights under 18 U.S.C. ; 2241 by 
sexually and physically abusing Plaintiff Johnson by forcing her to engage in various perverted and — 
depraved sex acts by threatening physical harm to Plaintiff Johnson and also her family. 

6. The Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, alleges that the Defendants, Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. 
Epstein, also did willfully and with extreme malice violate her Civil Rights under 42 U.S.C. ; 1985 b 
conspiring to deny Plaintiff Johnson her Civil Rights by making her their sex slave. 


7. The Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, alleges she was subject to extreme sexual and physical abuse by 





the Defendants, Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein, including forcible rape during a four 
month time span covering the months of June-September 1994 when Plaintiff Johnson was still onl 
a minor of age 13. 

8. The Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, alleges she was enticed by promises of money and a modeling 
career to attend a series of underage sex parties held at the New York City residence of Defendant 
Jeffrey E. Epstein and attended by Defendant Donald J. Trump. 

9. On the first occasion involving the Defendant, Donald J. Trump, the Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, 
was forced to manually stimulate Defendant Trump with the use of her hand upon Defendant 
Trump's erect penis until he reached sexual orgasm. 

10. On the second occasion involving the Defendant, Donald J. Trump, the Plaintiff, Katie 
Johnson, was forced to orally copulate Defendant Trump by placing her mouth upon Defendant 


Trump's erect penis until he reached sexual orgasm. 


CV-126 (09/09) PLEADING PAGE FOR A COMPLAINT 





— 


\O OO ~ ON Nn > ww No 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document1 Filed 04/26/16 Page 3of6 Page ID#:3 







11. On the third occasion involving the Defendant, Donald J. Trump, the Plaintiff, Katie Johnson 
was forced to engage in an unnatural lesbian sex act with her fellow minor and sex slave, Maria Doe 
age 12, for the sexual enjoyment of Defendant Trump. After this sex act, both minors were forced 
to orally copulate Defendant Trump by placing their mouths simultaneously on his erect penis until 
he achieved sexual orgasm. After zipping up his pants, Defendant Trump physically pushed both 
minors away while angrily berating them for the "poor" quality of their sexual performance. 

12. On the fourth and final sexual encounter with the Defendant, Donald J. Trump, the Plaintiff, 
Katie Johnson, was tied to a bed by Defendant Trump who then proceeded to forcibly rape Plaintiff 
Johnson. During the course of this savage sexual attack, Plaintiff Johnson loudly pleaded with 
Defendant Trump to "please wear a condom". Defendant Trump responded by violently striking 
Plaintiff Johnson in the face with his open hand and screaming that "he would do whatever he 
wanted" as he refused to wear protection. After achieving sexual orgasm, the Defendant, Donald J. 
Trump put his suit back on and when the Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, in tears asked Defendant Trump 
what would happen if he had impregnated her, Defendant Trump grabbed his wallet and threw 
some money at her and screamed that she should use the money "to get a fucking abortion". 

13. On the first occasion involving the Defendant, Jeffrey E. Epstein, the Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, 
was forced to disrobe into her bra and panties and to give a full body massage to Defendant Epstein 
while he was completely naked. During the massage, Defendant Epstein physically forced Plaintiff 
Johnson to touch his erect penis with her bare hands and to clean up his ejaculated semen after he — 
achieved sexual orgasm. 

14. On the second occasion involving the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, the Plaintiff, Katie Johnson] 
was again forced to disrobe into her bra and panties while giving Defendant Epstein a full body 
massage while he was completely naked. The Defendant, Donald J. Trump, was also present as he | 
was getting his own massage from another minor, Jane Doe, age 13. Defendant Epstein forced 
Plaintiff Johnson to touch his erect penis by physically placing her bare hands upon his sex organ 


and again forced Plaintiff Johnson to clean up his ejaculated semen after he achieved sexual orgasm. 


CV-126 (09/09) PLEADING PAGE FOR A COMPLAINT 





— 


Oo CO SN DN AnD Ee WH KO 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document1 Filed 04/26/16 Page 4of6 Page ID #:4 





15. Shortly after this sexual assault by the Defendant, Jeffrey E. Epstein, on the Plaintiff, Katie 
Johnson, Plaintiff Johnson was still present while the two Defendants were arguing over who would 
be the one to take Plaintiff Johnson's virginity. The Defendant, Donald J. Trump, was clearly heard 
referring to Defendant, Jeffrey E. Epstein, as a "Jew Bastard" as he yelled at Defendant Epstein, that 
clearly, he, Defendant Trump, should be the lucky one to "pop the cherry" of Plaintiff Johnson. 

16. The third and final sexual assault by the Defendant, Jeffrey E. Epstein, on the Plaintiff, Kati 
Johnson, took place after Plaintiff Johnson had been brutally and savagely raped by Defendant 
Trump. While receiving another full body massage from Plaintiff Johnson, while in the nude, 
Defendant Epstein became so enraged after finding out that Defendant Trump had been the one to 
take Plaintiff Johnson's virginity, that Defendant Epstein also violently raped Plaintiff Johnson. 
After forcing Plaintiff Johnson to disrobe into her bra and panties, while receiving a massage from 
the Plaintiff, Defendant Epstein attempted to enter Plaintiff Johnson's anal cavity with his erect 
penis while trying to restrain her. Plaintiff Johnson attempted to push Defendant Epstein away, at 
which time Defendant Epstein attempted to enter Plaintiff Johnson's vagina with his erect penis. 
This attempt to brutally sodomize and rape Plaintiff Johnson by Defendant Epstein was finally 
repelled by Plaintiff Johnson but not before Defendant Epstein was able to achieve sexual orgasm. 
After perversely sodomizing and raping the Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, the Defendant, Jeffrey E. 
Epstein, attempted to strike her about the head with his closed fists while he angrily screamed at 
Plaintiff Johnson that he, Defendant Epstein, should have been the one who "took her cherry, not 
Mr. Trump", before she finally managed to break away from Defendant Epstein. 

17. The Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, was fully warned on more than one occasion by both 
Defendants, Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein, that were she ever to reveal any of the details 
of the sexual and physical abuse that she had suffered as a sex slave for Defendant Trump and 
Defendant Epstein, that Plaintiff Johnson and her family would be in mortal danger. Plaintiff 
Johnson was warned that this would mean certain death for herself and Plaintiff Johnson's family 
unless she remained silent forever on the exact details of the depraved and perverted sexual and 
physical abuse she had been forced to endure from the Defendants. 


4 


CV-126 (09/09) PLEADING PAGE FOR A COMPLAINT 





—_— 


oO oOo SIH DWN rH Se WY HK 


10 
it 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
ai 
oy) 
23 
24 
25 
26 
27 
28 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document1 Filed 04/26/16 Page5of6 Page ID#:5 


MATERIAL WITNESSES 

18. Tiffany Doe, a former trusted employee of the Defendant, Jeffrey E. Epstein, has agreed to 
provide sworn testimony in this civil case and any other future civil or criminal proceedings, fully 
verifying the authenticity of the claims of the Plaintiff, Katie Johnson. Witness Tiffany Doe was 
employed by the Defendant, Jeffrey E. Epstein, for more than 10 years as a party planner for his 
underage sex parties. Despite being subject to constant terroristic threats by Defendants Epstein 
and Trump to never reveal the details of these underage sex parties at which scores of teenagers, 
and pre-teen girls were used as sex slaves by Defendant Epstein and Defendant Trump, witness 


Tiffany Doe refuses to be silent any longer. She has agreed to fully reveal the extent of the sexual 





perversion and physical cruelty that she personally witnessed at these parties by Defendants Epstein 
and Trump. 

19. Material witness Tiffany Doe fully confirms all of Plaintiff Katie Johnson's allegations of 
physical and sexual abuse by Defendants Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein. Tiffany Doe was 
physically present at each of the four occasions of sexual abuse by Defendant Trump upon the 
person of Plaintiff Johnson, as it was her job to witness all of the sexual escapades of Defendant 
Epstein's guests at these underage sex parties and later reveal all of the sordid details directly to 
Defendant Epstein. Defendant Epstein also demanded that Tiffany Doe tell him personally 
everything she had overheard at these parties explaining to her that "knowledge was king" in the 
financial world. As a result of these underage sex parties, Defendant Epstein was able to accumulat 
inside business knowledge that he otherwise would never have been privy to in order to amass his 
huge personal fortune. 

20. Material witness Tiffany Doe will testify that she was also present or had direct knowledge 
of each of the three instances on which Defendant Jeffrey E. Epstein physically and sexually abused 
the Plaintiff, Katie Johnson. Tiffany Doe will testify to the fact that the Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, 
was extremely fortunate to have survived all of the physical and sexual horrors inflicted upon her 


by Defendants Epstein and Trump. 


CV-126 (09/09) PLEADING PAGE FOR A COMPLAINT 





— 


Oo Oo SN NHN Hn Fe WD LV 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document1 Filed 04/26/16 Page6of6 Page ID #:6 — 


CLAIM FOR RELIEF 


21. The Plaintiff, Katie Johnson, asks the court for relief against the Defendants, Donald J. 
Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein, in the amount of $100,000,000.00 (One Hundred Million Dollars) as 
a result of the Defendants aforementioned acts upon which they willfully and maliciously violated 
the Civil Rights of the Plaintiff as stated in 18 U.S.C. ; 2241 by sexually and physically abusing the 
then 13 year old Plaintiff Johnson under threat of harm to her and her family, and 42 U.S.C. ; 1985 
by the Defendants conspiring to deny the Civil Rights of Plaintiff Johnson by making her their sex _ 


slave. 


Dated: April 26, 2016 KATIE JOHNSON 





Plaintiff Katie Jo dnson 


Appearing In Pro Per 


CV-126 (09/09) PLEADING PAGE FOR A COMPLAINT 





Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 2 Filed 04/26/16 Page1of1 Page ID #:11 


NAME, ADDRESS, AND TELEPHONE NUMBER OF ATTORNEY(S) 
OR OF PARTY APPEARING IN PRO PER 


KATIE JOHNSON 

6634 DESERT QUEEN AVE. 
TWENTYNINE PALMS, CA. 92277 
(760) 401-0192 

NO E-MAIL OR FAX 









Ag 






ATTORNEY(S) FOR: 





Bis 
- 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT © 
CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 


So > 
CASE NUMBER: | yi 2 on 
KATIE JOHNSON ——— NS ( IC Sx ) 
FE ms 6 = 0) 0 / 9 : 
Vv. y 
CERTIFICATION AND NOTICE 


DONALD J. TRUMP and 
OF INTERESTED PARTIES 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN a (Local Rule 7.1-1) 


HWY 92 Ud¥ 9102 





TO: ©THE COURT AND ALL PARTIES OF RECORD: 


The undersigned, counsel of record for KATIE JOHNSON 
or party appearing in pro per, certifies that the following listed party (or parties) may have a pecuniary interest in 
the outcome of this case. These representations are made to enable the Court to evaluate possible disqualification 


or recusal. 


(List the names of all such parties and identify their connection and interest. Use additional sheet if necessary.) 


PARTY CONNECTION / INTEREST 
PLAINTIFF KATIE JOHNSON NO CONNECTION OR INTEREST TO ANY 
CORPORATE ENTITY OR ANY FOUNDATION. 


DEFENDANT DONALD J. TRUMP CONNECTED TO THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, 
TRUMP UNIVERSITY, DONALD J. TRUMP FOR 
PRESIDENT CAMPAIGN AND THE DONALD J. TRUMP 
FOUNDATION. 


DEFENDANT JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN CONNECTED TO J. EPSTEIN AND COMPANY, THE 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY AND THE JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN VI FOUNDATION. 





Attorney of record for (or name of party appearing in pro per): 


KATIE JOHNSON 


) 


CV-30 (05/13) NOTICE OF INTERESTED PARTIES 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 3 Filed 04/26/16 Pagel1of2 Page ID #:12 


KATIE JOHNSON 

6634 DESERT QUEEN AVE. 
TWENTYNINE PALMS, CA. 92277 
(760) 401-0192 

NO FAX OR E-MAIL 











VMINSO 
Hy . 


In SA Re 





f 





—_ 
r— 
O 





HWY 192 UW 9102 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT Boz 
CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA on 
TO 

— — 

KATIE JOHNSON semsciesciaiamaineanios ; a 

9 CVvi6-0079 ( [xs 
. P'¢ 
scanmmme Dove \) \ Ma x) 
- REQUEST TO PROCEED 
DONALD J. TRUMP and IN FORMA PAUPERIS WITH 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN TERRA ANITE. DECLARATION IN SUPPORT 


I, KATIE JOHNSON , declare under penalty of perjury, that the foregoing is true and 
correct; that I am the petitioner/plaintiff in the above entitled case; that in support of my motion to proceed without being 
required to prepay fees, costs or give security therefore, I state that because of my poverty I am unable to pay the costs of 
said proceedings or to give security therefore and that I am entitled to redress. 


I further declare under penalty of perjury that the responses which I have made to the questions and instructions below are 
true, correct and complete. 
1. Are you presently employed? LlYes MNo 


a. Ifthe answer is yes, state the amount of your salary or wages per month, and give the name and address of your 


employer. 


If the answer is no, state the date of last employment and the amount of the salary and wages per month which 


you received. In 2008 I worked as a free-lance model and earned an average of $200-$300 a month 


2. Have you received, within the past twelve months, any money from any of the following sources? 


a. Business, profession or form of self-employment? OYes WNo 
b. Rent payments, interest or dividends? OYes MNo 
c. Pensions, annuities or life insurance payments? OYes MNo 
d. Gifts or inheritances? OYes MNo 
e. Any other income (other than listed above)? OYes MNo 
f. Loans? OYes MNo 


If the answer to any of the above is yes, describe such source of money and state the amount received from each 


source during the past twelve (12) months: 





REQUEST TO PROCEED IN FORMA PAUPERIS WITH DECLARATION IN SUPPORT 
CV-60 (04/06) () Page | of 2 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 3 Filed 04/26/16 Page 2of2 Page ID#:13 
3. Do you own any cash, or do you have money in a checking or savings account? (Include any funds in prison 
accounts, if applicable.) MYes CINo 
If the answer is yes, identify each account and separately state the amount of money held in each account for each of 
the six (6) months prior to the date of this declaration. 


J have $276 in cash on hand. 


4. Do you own any real estate, stocks, bonds, notes, automobiles, or other valuable property (excluding ordinary 
household furnishings and clothing)? C1Yes MNo 


If the answer is yes, describe the property and state its approximate value: 


5. In what year did you last file an Income Tax return? J never earned enough in any one year to have to file a return. 





Approximately how much income did your last tax return reflect? CA 


6. List the persons who are dependent upon your for support, state your relationship to those persons, and indicate how 
much you contribute toward their support: 


No one. 


I understand that a false statement or answer to any question in this declaration will subject me to penalties for perjury. I 
further understand that perjury is punishable by a term of imprisonment of up to five (5) years and/or a fine of $250,000 
(18 U.S.C. Sections 1621, 3571). 





California | ___San Bernadino Coun 
State County (or City) 
I, KATIE JOHNSON | , declare under penalty of perjury that the 


foregoing is true and correct. 










iff/Petitioner (Si onature) 








‘REQUEST TO PROCEED IN FORMA PAUPERIS WITH DECLARATION IN SUPPORT 
CV-60 (04/06) Page 2 of 2 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 4 Filed 04/26/16 Pagelofi Page ID#:14 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 


NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT TO UNITED STATES JUDGES 


This case has been assigned to: 


District Judge Dolly M. Gee 
Magistrate Judge Karen L. Stevenson 


The case number on all documents filed with the Court should read as follows: 


5:16-—cv—00797 DMG(KSx) 


Most district judges in the Central District of California refer all discovery-related motions to 
the assigned magistrate judge pursuant to General Order No. 05-07. If this case has been 
assigned to Judge Manuel L. Real, discovery-related motions should generally be noticed for 
hearing before the assigned district judge. Otherwise, discovery-related motions should 
generally be noticed for hearing before the assigned magistrate judge. Please refer to the 
assigned judges’ Procedures and Schedules, available on the Court’s website at 
www.cacd.uscourts. gov/judges-requirements, for additional information. 


Clerk, U.S. District Court 


April 26, 2016 By _/s/ Edwin Sambrano 
Date Deputy Clerk 
ATTENTION 


The party that filed the case-initiating document in this case (for example, the complaint or the 
notice of removal) must serve a copy of this Notice on all parties served with the case-initiating 
document. In addition, if the case-initiating document in this case was electronically filed, the 
party that filed it must, upon receipt of this Notice, promptly deliver mandatory chambers 
copies of all previously filed documents to the newly assigned-district judge. See L.R. 5-4.5. A 
copy of this Notice should be attached to the first page of the mandatory chambers copy of the 
case-initiating document. 


CV-18 (04/16) NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT TO UNITED STATES JUDGES 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document5 Filed 04/26/16 Pagelof2 Page ID#:15 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 


CASE NUMBER: 
Nee 5:16—cv—00797—DMG-KS 
Plaintiff(s) 
V. 
DONALD J. TRUMP, et al. 
NOTICE TO PARTIES OF 
COURT-DIRECTED ADR PROGRAM 
Defendant(s). 


NOTICE TO PARTIES: 


It is the policy of this Court to encourage settlement of civil litigation when such is in the 
best interest of the parties. The Court favors any reasonable means, including alternative 
dispute resolution (ADR), to accomplish this goal. See Civil L.R. 16-15. Unless exempted by 
the trial judge, parties in all civil cases must participate in an ADR process before trial. See 
Civil L.R. 16-15.1. 


The district judge to whom the above-referenced case has been assigned is participating 
in an ADR Program that presumptively directs this case to either the Court Mediation Panel or 
to private mediation. See General Order No. 11—10, §5. For more information about the 
Mediation Panel, visit the Court website, www.cacd.uscourts.gov, under "ADR." 


Pursuant to Civil L.R. 26—1(c), counsel are directed to furnish and discuss with their 
clients the attached ADR Notice To Parties before the conference of the parties mandated by 
Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(f). Based upon the consultation with their clients and discussion with opposing 
counsel, counsel must indicate the following in their Joint 26(f) Report: 1) whether the case is 
best suited for mediation with a neutral from the Court Mediation Panel or private mediation; 
and 2) when the mediation should occur. See Civil L.R. 26—-1(c). 


At the initial scheduling conference, counsel should be fully prepared to discuss their 
preference for referral to the Court Mediation Panel or to private mediation and when the 
mediation should occur. The Court will enter an Order/Referral to ADR at or around the time 
of the scheduling conference. 


Clerk, U.S. District Court 


April 26, 2016 By _/s/ Edwin Sambrano 
Date Deputy Clerk 


ADR-08 (05/13) NOTICE TO PARTIES OF COURT-DIRECTED ADR PROGRAM 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document5 Filed 04/26/16 Page 2of2 Page ID #:16 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 


NOTICE TO PARTIES: COURT POLICY ON SETTLEMENT 
AND USE OF ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION (ADR) 
Counsel are required to furnish and discuss this Notice with their clients. 


Despite the efforts of the courts to achieve a fair, timely and just outcome in all cases, 
litigation has become an often lengthy and expensive process. For this reason, it is this Court's 
policy to encourage parties to attempt to settle their disputes, whenever possible, through 
alternative dispute resolution (ADR). 


ADR can reduce both the time it takes to resolve a case and the costs of litigation, 
which can be substantial. ADR options include mediation, arbitration (binding or 
non—binding),neutral evaluation (NE), conciliation, mini—trial and fact-finding. ADR can 
be either Court—directed or privately conducted. 


The Court's ADR Program offers mediation through a panel of qualified and impartial 
attorneys who will encourage the fair, speedy and economic resolution of civil actions. 
Panel Mediators each have at least ten years of legal experience and are appointed by the 
Court. They volunteer their preparation time and the first three hours of a mediation 
session. This is a cost-effective way for parties to explore potential avenues of resolution. 


This Court requires that counsel discuss with their clients the ADR options available 
and instructs them to come prepared to discuss the parties' choice of ADR option (settlement 
conference before a magistrate judge; Court Mediation Panel; private mediation) at the 
initial scheduling conference. Counsel are also required to indicate the client's choice of 
ADR option in advance of that conference. See Civil L.R. 26—1(c) and Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(f). 


Clients and their counsel should carefully consider the anticipated expense of litigation, 
the uncertainties as to outcome, the time it will take to get to trial, the time an appeal will 
take if a decision is appealed, the burdens on a client's time, and the costs and expenses of 
litigation in relation to the amounts or stakes involved. 


With more than 15,000 civil cases filed in the District in 2012, less than | percent 
actually went to trial. Most cases are settled between the parties; voluntarily dismissed; 
resolved through Courtdirected or other forms of ADR; or dismissed by the Court as 
lacking in merit or for other reasons provided by law. 


For more information about the Court's ADR Program, the Mediation Panel, and the 
profiles of mediators, visit the Court website, www.cacd.uscourts.gov, under "ADR." 


ADR-08 (05/13) NOTICE TO PARTIES OF COURT-DIRECTED ADR PROGRAM 








i 
+ 
as 
i 
H 
q 
A 
A 
ki 
f 
ii 
' 
i 
i 
I 
: 
f 
i 
5 
4 
t 
1 
A. 
i 
i 
i 
i 
d 
| 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS, Document 6 Filed 05/02/16 Page 1 of 3 Page ID #:17 





UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA | 


KATIEJOHNSON, | | CASE NUMBER 
| ED CV 16-797-DMG (KSx) - 
PLAINTIFE(S) : . 
| = 
- DONALD J. TRUMP and JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, | ORDER RE REQUEST TO PROCEED 
| IN FORMA PAUPERIS 
. DEFENDANT(S) 


IT IS ORDERED that the Request to Proceed In Forma Pauperis is hereby GRANTED. 


eee 


Date | United States Magistrate Judge 


IT IS RECOMMENDED that the Request to Proceed In Forma Pauperis be DENIED for the ilowine reason(s): 


- [7] Inadequate showing of indigency [7] District Court lacks jurisdiction 


I _— and/or factually patently frivolous — o Immunity as to 








Comments: 


v Le alta otal mum ovandum 





AME no Oy 
United States Magistrate Judge | 











IT IS ORDERED that the Request to Proceed In Forma Pauperis is hereby: 


~ [x] DISMISSED 
<a ' 
| i DENIED (see comments above). IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that this case is hereby: a —_ 






Date United Stafgs District Judge 


) RDER RE REQUEST TO PROCEED IN FORMA PAUPERIS | | | 


CV-73 (03/16) O 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document6 Filed 05/02/16 Page 2 of 3 Page ID #:18 


ATTACHMENT TO DENIAL OF IFP APPLICATION FOR 


KATIE JOHNSON, ED CV 16-797-DMG (KSx) 


In the Complaint, Plaintiff Katie Johnson (‘Plaintiff’) alleges that 
defendants Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein (together, “Defendants”) | 
violated her civil rights through sexual and physical abuse and conspired to deprive 
her of her civil rights. (Complaint at 2.) Plaintiff seeks $100,000,000 in 
compensatory damages. (/d. at 6.) Plaintiff utilized the form provided by the 
Central District of California for civil actions and asserts that her action is brought 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2241 (aggravated sexual abuse) and 42 US.C. § 1985 
(conspiracy to interfere with civil rights). Plaintiff has failed to state a claim for 
relief under either statute. 


First, 18 U.S.C. § 2241(C) is a criminal statute that provides for the - 
prosecution of persons who cross a State line with the intent to engage in a sexual 
act with a minor. Specifically, the statute provides that a person who knowingly 
engages ina sexual act under circumstances described in sections (a) and (b) of the 

statute, with a person between the ages of 12 years and 16 years may be “fined 

under this title and imprisoned for not less than 30 years or for life.” 18 U.S.C. 

§ 2241 (c). Nothing in the statute provides for a private right of action for civil 
| damages such as Plaintiff seeks here. | 





Second, 42 U.S.C. § 1985 proscribes certain types of conspiracies to 
interfere with civil rights. Sanchez vy. City of Santa Ana, 936 F.2d 1027, 1039 (9th 
Cir. 1991); Karim-Panahi v. Los Angeles Police Dep t, 839 F. 2d 621, 626 (9th Cir. 
1988). Clause (1) of the statute prohibits conduct that prevents federal officers 
from performing their duties, while clause (2) addresses obstructing justice; 
intimidating a party, witness or juror. 42 U.S.C. § 1985 (1)(2); see also Portman 
v. Cty of Santa Clara, 995 F.2d 898, 909 (9th Cir. 1993) (second clause of § 1985 
creates a federal cause of action for conspiracies to obstruct access to state or 
territorial courts). Here, because Plaintiff does not assert any federal interest or 
: ~ involvement with the alleged conspiracy, the Court must conclude that her § 1985 
| claims is based upon clause (3), which prohibits conspiracies to deprive a person or 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 6 Filed 05/02/16 Page 3o0f3 Page ID #19 


class of persons of equal protection of the law, or equal privileges and immunities 
under the laws, including, for example, exercising the right to vote. 


“AI US. C. § 1985(3) — the Ku Klux Klan Act of 1987 — was enacted by the 
Reconstruction Congress to protect individuals—primarily blacks—from 
conspiracies to deprive them of their legally protected rights.” Sever v. Alaska 
Pulp Corp., 978 F.2d 1529, 1536 (9th Cir. 1992). To state a claim under section 
1985(3), a plaintiff must allege: (1) a conspiracy; (2) for the purpose of depriving 
any person ora class of persons of the equal protection of the laws, or of equal 
privileges and immunities under the laws; (3) an act by one of the conspirators in 
furtherance of the conspiracy; and (4) a personal injury, property damages, or a 
deprivation of any right or privilege of a citizen of the United States. Jd. The 
Supreme Court has emphasized that § 1985 (3) is not to be interpreted as a general 
federal tort law, but, as under § 1981, a plaintiff must prove as an element of the 
cause of action “some racial, or perhaps otherwise class-based, invidiously 
discriminatory animus behind the conspirators’ action.” Bray v. Alexandria 
Women’s Health Clinic, 506 U.S. 263, 268-69 (1993) (quoting Griffin v.— 
Breckenridge, 403 U.S. 88, 102 (1971); see also RK Ventures, Inc. v. City of 
Seattle, 307 F.3d 1045, 1056 (9th Cir. 2002) (“To bring a cause of action 
successfully under § 1985 (3), a plaintiff must demonstrate a deprivation of a right 
motivated by ‘some racial, or perhaps otherwise class-based, invidiously 
discriminatory animus behind the conspirators’ action.’ Particularly relevant here, 
the plaintiff must be a member of the class discriminated against.” (citation 


omitted)). 





| Here, even construing the pro se pleading liberally, Plaintiff has not alleged 
: any race-based or class-based animus against her and, consequently, her section 
1985 allegations fail to state a claim upon which relief may be granted. 


Accordingly, IFP status should be denied. 


. Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS : 7 Filed ee = ' —_.. ID #:20 


8 “OFFICE OF THE ‘CLERK a he ee 
US. COURTHOUSE, ROQM ca . ce oe ae es 
“Los S ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90018 Ee es 












—eer 


ore BUSINESS. oS 











- NIXIE. 922772902-1N «08/05/16 


RETURN TO SENDER 
UNABLE TO FORWARD 
UNABLE TO FORWAFD 
RETURN TO SENDER 


5 WMaldalallatsd all bell lead dD althl thats ane a Pe rip had 





Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 7 Filed 05/09/16 Page 2of5 Page ID #:21 


Case: 5:1l6cv797 Doc: 5 


Katie Johnson 
6634 Desert Queen Ave. 
Twentynine Palms, CA 92277 





Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 7 Filed 05/09/16 Page 3of5 Page ID #:22 


MIME-Version: 1.0 From:cacd_ecfmail @cacd.uscourts.gov To:ecfnef@cacd.uscourts. gov 
Message-Id:<21394540 @cacd.uscourts.gov>Subject:Activity in Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Katie 
Johnson v. Donald J. Trump et al Notice to Parties of Court-Directed ADR Program (ADR-8) - 
optional htm] form Content-Type: text/html 


This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT 
RESPOND to this e-mail because the mail box is unattended. 

** NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy 
permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free 
electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by 
the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of 
each document during this first viewing. However, if the referenced document is a transcript, the 
free copy and 30 page limit do not apply. 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT for the CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 


Notice of Electronic Filing 
The following transaction was entered on 4/27/2016 at 2:12 PM PDT and filed on 4/26/2016 


Case Name: Katie Johnson v. Donald J. Trump et al 
Case Number: 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS 
Filer: 


Document Number: 


Docket Text: 
NOTICE TO PARTIES OF COURT-DIRECTED ADR PROGRAM filed.(esa) 


5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Notice has been electronically mailed to: 

5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Notice has been delivered by First Class U.S. Mail or by other means 
BY THE FILER to: 

Katie Johnson 

6634 Desert Queen Ave. 

Twentynine Palms CA 92277 








aN i es eat ae EI eer a tater tl GL 2 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 7 Filed 05/09/16 Page 4of5 Page ID #:23 





UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 


CASE NUMBER: 
KATIE JOHNSON 5:16—cv-00797~-DMG-KS 
Plaintiff(s) 
Vv. 
DONALD J. TRUMP, et al. 
NOTICE TO PARTIES OF 
COURT-DIRECTED ADR PROGRAM 


Defendant(s). 


NOTICE TO PARTIES: 


It is the policy of this Court to encourage settlement of civil litigation when such is in the 
best interest of the parties. The Court favors any reasonable means, including alternative 
dispute resolution (ADR), to accomplish this goal. See Civil L.R. 16-15. Unless exempted by 
the trial judge, parties in all civil cases must participate in an ADR process before trial. See 
Civil L.R. 16-15.1. 


The district judge to whom the above-referenced case has been assigned is participating 
in an ADR Program that presumptively directs this case to either the Court Mediation Panel or 
to private mediation. See General Order No. 11-10, §5. For more information about the 
Mediation Panel, visit the Court website, www.cacd.uscourts.gov, under "ADR." 





: 


Pursuant to Civil L.R. 26—1(c), counsel are directed to furnish and discuss with their 
clients the attached ADR Notice To Parties before the conference of the parties mandated by 
Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(f). Based upon the consultation with their clients and discussion with opposing 
; counsel, counsel must indicate the following in their Joint 26(f) Report: 1) whether the case is 
7 best suited for mediation with a neutral from the Court Mediation Panel or private mediation; 

2 and 2) when the mediation should occur. See Civil L.R. 26—1(c). 


| 


| At the initial scheduling conference, counsel should be fully prepared to discuss their 

! preference for referral to the Court Mediation Panel or to private mediation and when the 
mediation should occur. The Court will enter an Order/Referral to ADR at or around the time 
of the scheduling conference. | 


Clerk, U.S. District Court 


Date Deputy Clerk 


ADR-08 (05/13) NOTICE TO PARTIES OF COURT-DIRECTED ADR PROGRAM 


: 
: 
: April 26, 2016 By _/s/ Edwin Sambrano 
| 


Sree te a eta 


eee at the lib etal ase aren 


ar a A EY See led 





Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 7 Filed 05/09/16 Page5of5 Page ID #:24 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 


NOTICE TO PARTIES: COURT POLICY ON SETTLEMENT 
AND USE OF ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION (ADR) 
Counsel are required to furnish and discuss this Notice with their clients. 


Despite the efforts of the courts to achieve a fair, timely and just outcome in all cases, 
litigation has become an often lengthy and expensive process. For this reason, it is this Court's 
policy to encourage parties to attempt to settle their disputes, whenever possible, through 
alternative dispute resolution (ADR). 


ADR can reduce both the time it takes to resolve a case and the costs of litigation, 
which can be substantial. ADR options include mediation, arbitration (binding or 
non—binding),neutral evaluation (NE), conciliation, mini—trial and fact-finding. ADR can 
be either Court—directed or privately conducted. 


The Court's ADR Program offers mediation through a panel of qualified and impartial 
attorneys who will encourage the fair, speedy and economic resolution of civil actions. 
Panel Mediators each have at least ten years of legal experience and are appointed by the 
Court. They volunteer their preparation time and the first three hours of a mediation 
session. This is a cost—effective way for parties to explore potential avenues of resolution. 


This Court requires that counsel discuss with their clients the ADR options available 
and instructs them to come prepared to discuss the parties’ choice of ADR option (settlement 
conference before a magistrate judge; Court Mediation Panel; private mediation) at the 
initial scheduling conference. Counsel are also required to indicate the client's choice of 
ADR option in advance of that conference. See Civil L.R. 26-1(c) and Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(f). 


Clients and their counsel should carefully consider the anticipated expense of litigation, 
the uncertainties as to outcome, the time it will take to get to trial, the time an appeal will 
take if a decision is appealed, the burdens on a client's time, and the costs and expenses of 
litigation in relation to the amounts or stakes involved. 


With more than 15,000 civil cases filed in the District in 2012, less than 1 percent 
actually went to trial. Most cases are settled between the parties; voluntarily dismissed; 
resolved through Courtdirected or other forms of ADR; or dismissed by the Court as 
lacking in merit or for other reasons provided by law. 


For more information about the Court's ADR Program, the Mediation Panel, and the 
profiles of mediators, visit the Court website, www.cacd.uscourts.gov, under "ADR." 


ADR-08 (05/13) NOTICE TO PARTIES OF COURT-DIRECTED ADR PROGRAM 


Case: 5:16cv7/97 Doc: 4 


Katie Johnson 
6634 Desert Queen Ave. 
Twentynine Palms, CA 92277 








Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 8 Filed 05/09/16 Pageilof4 Page ID #:25 


Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 8 Filed 05/09/16 Page 2of4 Page ID #:26 


MIME-Version:1.0 From:cacd_ecfmail@cacd.uscourts.gov To:ecfnef @cacd.uscourts.gov 
Message-Id:<21394517 @cacd.uscourts.gov>Subject:Activity in Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Katie 
Johnson v. Donald J. Trump et al Notice of Assignment to United States Judges(CV-18) - optional 
html form Content-Type: text/html 


This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT 
RESPOND to this e-mail because the mail box is unattended. 

"NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy 
permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free 
electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by 
the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of 
each document during this first viewing. However, if the referenced document is a transcript, the 
free copy and 30 page limit do not apply. 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT for the CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 


Notice of Electronic Filing 
The following transaction was entered on 4/27/2016 at 2:11 PM PDT and filed on 4/26/2016 


Case Name: _ Katie Johnson v. Donald J. Trump et al 
Case Number: 3:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS 
Filer: 


Document Number: 


Docket Text: 
NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT to District Judge Dolly M. Gee and Magistrate Judge Karen L. 


Stevenson. (esa) 





5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Notice has been electronically mailed to: 

5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Notice has been delivered by First Class U. S. Mail or by other means 
BY THE FILER to: 

Katie Johnson 

6634 Desert Queen Ave. 

Twentynine Palms CA 92277 





Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 8 Filed 05/09/16 Page 3of4 Page ID #:27 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 


NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT TO UNITED STATES JUDGES 


This case has been assigned to: 


District Judge Dolly M. Gee 
Magistrate Judge Karen L. Stevenson 


The case number on all documents filed with the Court should read as follows: 


5:16-cv—00797 DMG(KSx) 


Most district judges in the Central District of California refer all discovery-related motions to 
the assigned magistrate judge pursuant to General Order No. 05-07. If this case has been 
assigned to Judge Manuel L. Real, discovery-related motions should generally be noticed for 
hearing before the assigned district judge. Otherwise, discovery-related motions should 
generally be noticed for hearing before the assigned magistrate judge. Please refer to the 
assigned judges’ Procedures and Schedules, available on the Court’s website at 
www.cacd.uscourts. gov/judges-requirements, for additional information. 





Clerk, U.S. District Court 








April 26, 2016 By _/s/ Edwin Sambrano _ 
Date Deputy Clerk 
ATTENTION 


The party that filed the case-initiating document in this case (for example, the complaint or the 
notice of removal) must serve a copy of this Notice on all parties served with the case-initiating 
document. In addition, if the case-initiating document in this case was electronically filed, the 
party that filed it must, upon receipt of this Notice, promptly deliver mandatory chambers 
copies of all previously filed documents to the newly assigned-district judge. See L.R. 5-4.5. A 
copy of this Notice should be attached to the first page of the mandatory chambers copy of the 
case-initiating document. 


ee TARE RASS A SAMAR LS lm |e dae mm NE RRL ack ech A deci na amc 


CV-18 (04/16) NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT TO UNITED STATES JUDGES 


a eT eT 


| Case 5:16-cv-00797-DMG-KS Document 8 Filed 05/09/16 Page 4of4 Page ID #:28 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 


OFFICE OF THE CLERK 
U.S. COURTHOUSE, ROOM G8 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90012 





OFFICIAL BUSINESS 


~ NIXIE ~922772902-1N 05/05/21 


TO SENDER 
ONABLE TQ FORWARD 
UNABLE TO FORWARD 
RETURN TO SENDER 


sdcldoefoate4avIA4UbaVtlootdt TMs oo dst tt tf HL 


a 
ee re ce re ee Rt ee eT 


















ff 
_ z 
Yr —~ og OC 
a) 3 
© ee “I 
© C83 ae 
ke oe : 
al 1 ‘ 
‘ee, cle 
2 : Q 
‘yee, FE 
feo) Se - 
— nom ica 
a 
|; QO 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 1 of 9 


IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 


JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 


JANE DOE, proceeding under a pseudonym, ) 
Plaintiff, 
- Case No.: 
DONALD J. TRUMP and ) JURY TRIAL DEMANDED 
) 
) 
) 


Defendants. 


COMPLAINT FOR RAPE, SEXUAL MISCONDUCT, CRIMINAL SEXUAL ACTS, 
SEXUAL ABUSE, FORCIBLE TOUCHING, ASSAULT, BATTERY, INTENTIONAL 
AND RECKLESS INFLICTION OF EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, DURESS, FALSE 
IMPRISONMENT, AND DEFAMATION 


Plaintiff Jane Doe, proceeding under a pseudonym, brings this action against Donald J. 


Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein, and alleges that: 


PARTIES 
1. Plaintiff 1s an individual residing in and a citizen of the State of California. 
Zi Upon information and belief, Defendants Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein 


each reside in this District and are citizens of the State of New York. 


JURISDICTION AND VENUE 
3. Plaintiff is a citizen of the State of California for purposes of diversity jurisdiction 
under 28 U.S.C. § 1332. 
4. Defendants are citizens of the State of New York for purposes of diversity 


jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 1332. 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 2 of 9 


5. This Court has original subject matter jurisdiction with respect to this action 
pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1332 as there exists complete diversity of citizenship between Plaintiff 
and Defendants and the amount in controversy exceeds Seventy Five Thousand Dollars 
($75,000.00), exclusive of interest and costs. 

6. Defendants are each subject to the jurisdiction of this Court pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 
§ 1332 with proper venue pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1391 as both defendants are residents of 
and/or are domiciled in this district and the events giving rise to the claims occurred in this 


district. 


RAPE, SEXUAL MISCONDUCT, CRIMINAL SEXUAL ACTS, SEXUAL ABUSE, 
FORCIBLE TOUCHING, ASSAULT, BATTERY, INTENTIONAL AND RECKLESS 
INFLICTION OF EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, DURESS, AND FALSE 
IMPRISONMENT 

7. Plaintiff was subject to acts of rape, sexual misconduct, criminal sexual acts, 
sexual abuse, forcible touching, assault, battery, intentional and reckless infliction of emotional 
distress, duress, false imprisonment, and threats of death and/or serious bodily injury by the 
Defendants that took place at several parties during the summer months of 1994. The parties 
were held by Defendant Epstein at a New York City residence that was being used by Defendant 
Epstein at 9 E. 71st St. in Manhattan. During this period, Plaintiff was a minor of age 13 and 
was legally incapable under New York law of consenting to sexual intercourse and the other 
sexual contacts detailed herein. NY Penal L § 130.05(3)(a). The rapes in the first, second, and 
third degrees; sexual misconduct; criminal sexual acts in the first, second, and third degrees; 


sexual abuse in the first, second, and third degrees; and forcible touching (and, on information 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 3 of 9 


and belief, predatory sexual assault) detailed herein are unlawful under New York law, e.g., NY 
Penal L § 130.20-130.52, and 130.55-130.65 (and, on information and belief, 130.95) and 
constitute the torts of, inter alia, assault, battery, false imprisonment, and intentional or reckless 
infliction of emotional distress, including threats of force and serious bodily harm, under New 
York law. Declaration of Plaintiff Jane Doe, Exhibit A hereto; Declaration of Tiffany Doe, 
Exhibit B hereto. Jane Doe and Tiffany Doe are each pseudonyms as each woman wishes 
anonymity. Tiffany Doe, a witness, was an employee of Defendant Epstein. Exh. B. 

8. Courts have discretion to allow proceeding anonymously where the need for 
privacy outweighs the public’s interest in knowing their identity and any prejudice to the 
defendants. Sealed Plaintiff v. Sealed Defendant, 537 F.3d 185, 189 (2d Cir. 2008). This 
litigation involves matters that are highly sensitive and of a personal nature, and identification of 
Plaintiff would pose a risk of retaliatory physical harm to her and to others. Exh. A. All of the 
ten factors that the Second Circuit articulated as relevant to this analysis favor anonymity, 
especially factors 1-4, 7, and 10 (e.g., factors one and two: “whether the litigation involves 
matters that are ‘highly sensitive and [of a] personal nature,’” and “’ whether identification poses 
a risk of retaliatory physical or mental harm to the ... party [seeking to proceed anonymously] or 


999 


even more critically, to innocent non-parties’”’.), or are neutral with respect to anonymity. 
Protecting Plaintiff's anonymity is also appropriate as she is a rape victim. 

9. Plaintiff was enticed by promises of money and a modeling career to attend a 
Series of parties, with other similarly situated minor females, held at a New York City residence 


that was being used by Defendant Jeffrey Epstein. At least four of the parties were attended by 


Defendant Trump. Exhs. A and B. On information and belief, by this time in 1994, Defendant 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 4 of 9 


Trump had known Defendant Epstein for seven years (New York, 10/28/02), and knew that 
Plaintiff was then just 13 years old. Exhs. A and B. 

10. Defendant Trump initiated sexual contact with Plaintiff at four different parties. 
On the fourth and final sexual encounter with Defendant Trump, Defendant Trump tied Plaintiff 
to a bed, exposed himself to Plaintiff, and then proceeded to forcibly rape Plaintiff. During the 
course of this savage sexual attack, Plaintiff loudly pleaded with Defendant Trump to stop but 
with no effect. Defendant Trump responded to Plaintiff's pleas by violently striking Plaintiff in 
the face with his open hand and screaming that he would do whatever he wanted. Exhs. A and 
B. 

11. Immediately following this rape, Defendant Trump threatened Plaintiff that, were 
she ever to reveal any of the details of the sexual and physical abuse of her by Defendant Trump, 
Plaintiff and her family would be physically harmed if not killed. Exhs. A and B. 

12. Defendant Epstein had sexual contact with Plaintiff at two of the parties. The 
second sexual encounter with Defendant Epstein took place after Plaintiff had been raped by 
Defendant Trump. Defendant Epstein forced himself upon Plaintiff and proceeded to rape her 
anally and vaginally despite her loud pleas to stop. Defendant Epstein then attempted to strike 
Plaintiff about the head with his closed fists while he angrily screamed at Plaintiff that he, 
Defendant Epstein, rather than Defendant Trump, should have been the one who took Plaintiff’s 
virginity, before Plaintiff finally managed to break away from Defendant Epstein. Exhs. A and 
B. 

13. The threats of violence against Plaintiff and her family continued, this time from 


Defendant Epstein, who again reiterated that Plaintiff was not to reveal any of the details of his 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 5 of 9 


sexual and physical abuse of her or else, specifically, Plaintiff and her family would be seriously 
physically harmed, if not killed. Exhs. A and B. 

14. While still under threats of physical harm by coming forward and having no 
reason to believe that the threats have ever been lifted or would ever be lifted, Plaintiff, who has 
suffered from stress, emotional distress, mental pain and suffering, among other problems, ever 
since the assaults, was subjected to daily painful reminders of the horrific acts of one of the 
perpetrators, Defendant Trump, via mass media coverage of him starting on or about June 16, 
2015 that, over a short period of time, became continuous and unavoidable. Exh. A. 

15. As a direct and proximate result of the sexual assaults and rapes perpetrated by 
Defendants upon her, Plaintiff has suffered stress, emotional distress, and mental pain and 
suffering, as well as adverse physical consequences. 

16. As a direct and proximate result of the sexual assaults and rapes perpetrated by 
Defendants upon her, Plaintiff has suffered physical pain and suffering. 

17. As a direct and proximate result of the sexual assaults and rapes perpetrated by 
Defendants upon her, Plaintiff has been subjected to public scorn, hatred, and ridicule and has 
suffered threats against her life and physical safety. 

18. As a direct and proximate result of the sexual assaults and rapes perpetrated by 
Defendants upon her, Plaintiff has incurred special damages, including medical and legal 
expenses. 

19. The sexual assaults and rapes perpetrated by Defendants upon Plaintiff were 
intentional acts. 

20. The conduct of Defendants demonstrates willful, reckless and intentional conduct 


that raises a conscious indifference to consequences. 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 6 of 9 


Zi. At the appropriate time in this litigation, Plaintiff shall amend her complaint to 
assert a claim for punitive damages against Defendants in order to punish Defendants for their 


actions and to deter Defendants from repeating their conduct. 


TOLLING OF STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS 

2D, Any statute of limitations applicable to rape, sexual misconduct, criminal sexual 
acts, sexual abuse, forcible touching, assault, battery, intentional and reckless infliction of 
emotional distress, false imprisonment of a minor, if any, 1s tolled owing to the continuous and 
active duress imposed upon Plaintiff by Defendants that effectively robbed Plaintiff of her free 
will to commence legal action until the present time. Cullen v. Margiotta, 811 F.2d 698, 722 
(2nd Cir.1987); Ross v. United States, 574 F. Supp. 536, 542 (S.D.N.Y. 1983). More 
particularly, Plaintiff was unrelentingly threatened by each Defendant that, were she ever to 
reveal any of the details of the sexual and physical abuse caused to her by Defendants, Plaintiff 
and her family would be physically harmed if not killed. The duress has not terminated and the 
fear has not subsided. The duress is an element of or inherent in the underlying causes of action 
complained of herein. The duress and coercion exerted by Defendants has been such as to have 
actually deprived Plaintiff of her freedom of will to institute suit earlier in time, and it rose to 
such a level that a person of reasonable firmness in Plaintiff's situation would have been unable 
to resist. Exhs. A and B. 

D3: Both Defendants let Plaintiff know that each was a very wealthy, powerful man 
and indicated that they had the power, ability and means to carry out their threats. Indeed, 
Defendant Trump stated that Plaintiff shouldn’t ever say anything if she didn’t want to disappear 


like Maria, a 12-year-old female that was forced to be involved in the third incident with 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 7 of 9 


Defendant Trump and that Plaintiff had not seen since that third incident, and that he was 
capable of having her whole family killed. Exhs. A and B. 

24. The duress had prevented Plaintiff from starting litigation before this year. 
However, as soon as she surfaced, she received threats. More specifically, shortly after her first 
complaint was filed in California on April 26, 2016, she started receiving threatening phone calls 
on her cell phone. Exh. A. 

25: Defendants are equitably estopped from arguing that any statute of limitations has 
not been tolled as Defendants wrongfully forced Plaintiff to refrain from timely commencing this 
action by threats, duress, and other misconduct. Exhs. A and B. 

26. Moreover, this action has been brought before the facts giving rise to the estoppel 
have ceased to be operational (1.e., while still under threats of physical harm by coming forward 
and having no reason to believe that the threats have ever been lifted or would ever be lifted) and 
since Plaintiff has decided to seek redress at this time, Plaintiff seeks an order of protection in 
favor of Plaintiff and all associated with her so as to protect them from harm and harassment 


from Defendants and their agents and associates. Exh. A. 


DEFAMATION 
21 On information and belief, on or about April 28, 2016, Defendant Trump 
provided the following statement to American Media, Inc. and/or Radar Online LLC for 
publication on at least their website RadarOnline.com regarding Plaintiff's complaint ED CV 16- 
797-DMG (KSx) filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California: 


“The allegations are not only categorically false, but disgusting at the highest level and clearly 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 8 of 9 


framed to solicit media attention or, perhaps, are simply politically motivated. There is 
absolutely no merit to these allegations. Period.” The statement provided for publication by 
Defendant Trump was published by said website and has been republished elsewhere in whole or 
in part numerous times (and similar statements of an attorney for Defendant Trump were also 
published). The statement provided for publication by Defendant Trump and that was published 
by said websites is false as it pertains to Plaintiff. 

28. The published statement is libelous on its face, and clearly exposes Plaintiff to 
hatred, contempt, ridicule and obloquy. 

20. As a proximate result of the above-described publication, Plaintiff has suffered 
loss of her reputation, shame, mortification, and injury to her feelings, all to her damage in an 
amount to be established by proof at trial. 

30. The above-described publication was not privileged because it was published by 
Defendant Trump with malice, hatred and ill will toward Plaintiff and the desire to injure her. 

31. As a direct and proximate result of Defendant Trump’s defamation of Plaintiff, 


Plaintiff has been subjected to public scorn, hatred, and ridicule and has suffered other injury. 


PRAYER FOR RELIEF 


WHEREFORE, Plaintiff prays for judgment against Defendants and for the 
following relief: 
A. That judgment be entered against Defendants for special damages, compensatory 
damages, and punitive damages in an amount which shall be shown to be reasonable and just by 
the evidence and in excess of Seventy Five Thousand Dollars ($75,000.00), exclusive of interests 


and costs; 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 9 of 9 


B. That all costs of this action be assessed against Defendants, including all 
reasonable attorney’s fees, costs and expenses of this action; 

C. That an order of protection in favor of Plaintiff and all associated with her be 
issued so as to protect them from harm and harassment from Defendants and their agents and 
associates; and 


D. Such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper. 


JURY DEMAND 


Plaintiff demands a trial by jury of all issues properly triable by jury in this action. 


Respectfully submitted, 


Dated: June 20, 2016 By: /s/ Thomas Francis Meagher 
Thomas Francis Meagher 
SDNY Bar Code TM6707 
One Palmer Square 
Princeton, New Jersey 08542 
Telephone: (609) 558-1500 
tmeagher @thomasfmeagheresq.com 


ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document1-1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 1 of 2 


DECLARATION IN SUPPORT OF PLAINTIFF’S REQUEST FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 


|, Jane Doe, the Plaintiff in this matter proceeding under a pseudonym, state as follows: 


\ 


1. lam acompetent adult over 18 years of age able to testify as to personal knowledge. The facts 
in this declaration are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief, and | am 
competent to testify to them if called upon to do so. 


2. | was subject to extreme sexual and physical abuse by the Defendants, including forcible rape, 
that took place at several parties of Defendant Epstein during the summer of 1994 in New York City at a 
residence used by Defendant Epstein. During this period, | was 13 years old. 


3. More particularly, | traveled by bus to New York City in June 1994 in the hope of starting a 
modeling career. | went to several modeling agencies but was told that | needed to put together a 
modeling portfolio before | would be considered. | then went to the Port Authority in New York City to 
start to make my way back home. There | met a woman who introduced herself to me as Tiffany. She 
told me about the parties and said that, if | would join her at the parties, | would be introduced to 
people who could get me into the modeling profession. Tiffany also told me | would be paid for 
attending. 


4, The parties were held at a New York City residence that was being used by Defendant Jeffrey 
Epstein. Each of the parties had other minor females and a number of guests of Mr. Epstein, including 
Defendant Donald Trump at four of the parties | attended. | understood that both Mr. Trump and Mr. 
Epstein knew that | was 13 years old. 


5, Defendant Trump had sexual contact with me at four different parties in the summer of 1994. 
On the fourth and final sexual encounter with Defendant Trump, Defendant Trump tied me to a bed, 
exposed himself to me, and then proceeded to forcibly rape me. During the course of this savage sexual 
attack, | loudly pleaded with Defendant Trump to stop but he did not. Defendant Trump responded to 
my pleas by violently striking me in the face with his open hand and screaming that he would do 
whatever he wanted. 


6. Immediately following this rape, Defendant Trump threatened me that, were | ever to reveal 
any of the details of Defendant Trump’s sexual and physical abuse of me, my family and | would be 
physically harmed if not killed. 


Z. Defendant Epstein had sexual contact with me at two of the parties that summer. On the 
second occasion involving Defendant Epstein, Defendant Epstein forced himself upon me and proceeded 
to rape me anally and vaginally despite my Joud pleas to stop. Defendant Epstein then attempted to 
strike me about the head with his closed fists while he angrily screamed at me that he, Defendant 
Epstein, should have been the one who took my virginity, not Defendant Trump, before | finally 
managed to break away from Defendant Epstein. 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 1-1 Filed 06/20/16 Page 2 of 2 


8. Immediately following this rape, just like Defendant Trump, Defendant Epstein threatened me 
not to ever reveal any of the details of Defendant Epstein’s sexual and physical abuse of me or else my 
family and | would be physically harmed if not killed. 


9. Both Defendants had let me know that each was a very wealthy, powerful man and indicated 
that they had the power, ability and means to carry out their threats. Indeed, Defendant Trump stated 
that | shouldn't ever say anything if | didn’t want to disappear like Maria, a 12-year-old female that was 
forced to be involved in the third incident with Defendant Trump and that | had not seen since that third 
incident, and that he was capable of having my whole family killed. 


10. The duress imposed on me by Defendants not to ever reveal any of the details of the sexual and 
physical abuse caused to me by Defendants has not terminated and the fear it has instilled in me has not 
subsided. Unfortunately, making matters worse for me, | was subjected to daily painful reminders of 
the horrific acts of Defendant Trump via mass media coverage of him starting last summer that, over a 
short period of time, became continuous and unavoidable. 


11. The duress had prevented me from starting litigation before this year. However, as soon as | 
surfaced, | received threats. More specifically, shortly after my first complaint was filed in California on 
April 26, 2016, | started receiving threatening phone calls on a cell phone | then owned. The calls were 
never for more than 20 seconds or so before they hung up and they were always from a blocked or 
unavailable phone number according to my caller ID feature. Since | changed phone numbers, the 
threatening calls have completely stopped. 


12. This litigation involves matters that are highly sensitive and of a personal nature, and | believe 
that identification of me would pose a risk of retaliatory physical harm to me and to others. 


13. | have no reason to believe that the Defendants’ threats have ever been lifted or will ever be 
lifted and so | request that the Court issue an order protecting me and my family from harm and 
harassment by the Defendants. 


| declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 





DATED: June 18, 2016 
ne Doe, a pseudonym 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 1-2 Filed 06/20/16 Page 1 of 2 


DECLARATION IN SUPPORT OF PLAINTIFF’S REQUEST FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 


|, Tiffany Doe, a pseudonym, state as follows: 


\ 


1. |am acompetent adult over 18 years of age able to testify as to personal knowledge. The facts 
in this declaration are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief, and !am 


competent to testify to them if called upon to do so. 


2. | originally met Jeffrey E. Epstein in New York City in 1990 when | was the age of 22. | attended a 


series of parties in that same year of 1990 where | was paid to entertain various guests of Mr. Epstein. 


3. In the year 1991, | was promoted to the occupation of party planner in which my duties were to 


get attractive adolescent women to attend these parties. 


4, | was hired by and paid directly by Mr. Epstein from the years of 1991-2000 to attract adolescent 
women to attend these parties, most of which were held at what is known as the Wexner Mansion 


located at 9 E. 71st St. in New York City. 


5. In June, 1994 while performing my duties as a recruiter of adolescent women to attend Mr. 
Epstein's parties, | met a 13-year-old adolescent woman, the Plaintiff in this matter, at the Port 
Authority in New York City who said that she had come to New York City in the hope of starting a 


modeling career. 


6. | persuaded the Plaintiff to attend a series of parties of Mr. Epstein that took place during the 
summer of 1994. | told her that, if she would join me at the parties, she would be introduced to people 


who could get her into the modeling profession and she would be paid for attending. 


J. it was at these series of parties that | personally witnessed the Plaintiff being forced to perform 
various sexual acts with Donald J. Trump and Mr. Epstein. Both Mr. Trump and Mr. Epstein were 


advised that she was 13 years old. 


8. | personally witnessed four sexual encounters that the Plaintiff was forced to have with Mr. 
Trump during this period, including the fourth of these encounters where Mr. Trump forcibly raped her 


despite her pleas to stop. 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 1-2 Filed 06/20/16 Page 2 of 2 


9, | personally witnessed the one occasion where Mr. Trump forced the Plaintiff and a 12-year-old 
female named Maria perform oral sex on Mr. Trump and witnessed his physical abuse of both minors 


when they finished the act. 


10. | personally witnessed or was made immediately aware of the two occasions where my boss Mr. 
Epstein attempted to rape and sodomize the Plaintiff. | sersonally witnessed Mr. Epstein sexually and 


physically abuse other minor females even younger than her. 


11. It was my job to personally witness and supervise encounters between the underage girls that 


Mr. Epstein hired and his guests. 


12. | personally witnessed Mr. Trump physically threaten the life and well-being of the Plaintiff if she 


ever revealed any details of the physical and sexual abuse suffered by her at the hands of Mr. Trump. 


13, | personally witnessed Mr. Epstein physically threaten the life and well-being of the Plaintiff if 
she ever revealed the details of the physical and sexual abuse she suffered at the hands of Mr. Epstein 


or any of his guests. 


14. | personally witnessed Defendant Trump telling the Plaintiff that she shouldn’t ever say anything 
if she didn’t want to disappear like the 12-year-old female Maria, and that he was capable of having her 


whole family killed. 


15. After leaving the employment of Mr. Epstein in the year 2000, | was personally threatened by 
Mr. Epstein that | would be killed and my family killed as well if | ever disclosed any of the physical and 


sexual abuse of minor females that | had personally witnessed by Mr. Epstein or any of his guests. 


16. | am coming forward to swear to the truthfulness of the physical and sexual abuse that | 
personally witnessed of minor females at the hands of Mr. Trump and Mr. Epstein, including the 
Plaintiff, during the time of my employment from the years of 1990-2000 for Mr. Epstein. | swear to 
these facts under penalty of perjury even though | fully understand that the life of myself and my family 


is now in grave danger. 


| declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and cerrect. 


a 


DATED: June 18, 2016 LL af Fs 


Tiffany | Doe, afis€tidonym 


— 


JS 44C/SDNY 
REV. 2/2016 


PLAINTIFFS 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Qoalcoebe 2HHEHed 06/20/16 Page 1 of 2 


The JS-44 civil cover sheet and the information contained herein neither replace nor supplement the filing and service of 
pleadings or other papers as required by law, except as provided by local rules of court. This form, approved by the 


Judicial Conference of the United States in September 1974, is required for use of the Clerk of Court for the purpose of 


initiating the civil docket sheet. 


Jane Doe, proceeding under a pseudonym 


ATTORNEYS (FIRM NAME, ADDRESS, AND TELEPHONE NUMBER 


Thomas Francis Meagher, 


One Palmer Square 
Princeton, NJ 08542 
609-558-1500 


Esq. 


DEFENDANTS 


Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein 


ATTORNEYS (IF KNOWN) 


CAUSE OF ACTION (CITE THE U.S. CIVIL STATUTE UNDER WHICH YOU ARE FILING AND WRITE A BRIEF STATEMENT OF CAUSE) 
(DO NOT CITE JURISDICTIONAL STATUTES UNLESS DIVERSITY) 


28 U.S.C. § 1332, 1391: RAPE, SEXUAL MISCONDUCT, CRIMINAL SEXUAL ACTS, SEXUAL ABUSE, FORCIBLE TOUCHING, ASSAUL 


Has this action, case, or proceeding, or one essentially the same been previously filed in SDNY at any time? Nd“Ves LTjudge Previously Assigned 


If yes, was this case Vol.[ | Invol. [ ] Dismissed. No[ | Yes [ | 


No [x| 


IS THIS AN INTERNATIONAL ARBITRATION CASE? 


(PLACE AN [x] IN ONE BOX ONLY) 


CONTRACT 


10 INSURANCE 
20 MARINE 

MILLER ACT 

40 NEGOTIABLE 
INSTRUMENT 
RECOVERY OF 
OVERPAYMENT & 
ENFORCEMENT 
OF JUDGMENT 
MEDICARE ACT 
RECOVERY OF 
DEFAULTED 
STUDENT LOANS 
(EXCL VETERANS) 
RECOVERY OF 
OVERPAYMENT 
OF VETERAN'S 
BENEFITS 
STOCKHOLDERS 
SUITS 

OTHER 
CONTRACT 
CONTRACT 
PRODUCT 
LIABILITY 

[ ]196 FRANCHISE 


[ 1160 
[ 1190 


[ ]195 


REAL PROPERTY 

[ 1210 LAND 
CONDEMNATION 

[ 1220 FORECLOSURE 

[ 1230 RENT LEASE & 
EJECTMENT 

[ 1240 TORTS TO LAND 


[ 1245 TORT PRODUCT 
LIABILITY 
[ 1290 ALL OTHER 


REAL PROPERTY 


TORTS 


PERSONAL INJURY 


[ 1310 AIRPLANE 

[ 1315 AIRPLANE PRODUCT 
LIABILITY 

[9 320 ASSAULT, LIBEL & 
SLANDER 

[ 1330 FEDERAL 
EMPLOYERS' 
LIABILITY 

[ 1340 MARINE 

[ 1345 MARINE PRODUCT 
LIABILITY 

[ ]350 MOTOR VEHICLE 

[ 1355 MOTOR VEHICLE 
PRODUCT LIABILITY 

[ 1360 OTHER PERSONAL 
INJURY 

[ ]362 PERSONAL INJURY - 
MED MALPRACTICE 


ACTIONS UNDER STATUTES 


CIVIL RIGHTS 


[ ]440 OTHER CIVIL RIGHTS 
(Non-Prisoner) 


[ ]441 VOTING 

[ ]442 EMPLOYMENT 

[ 1443 HOUSING/ 
ACCOMMODATIONS 

[ ]445 AMERICANS WITH 
DISABILITIES - 
EMPLOYMENT 

[ ]446 AMERICANS WITH 
DISABILITIES -OTHER 

[ ]448 EDUCATION 


Check if demanded in complaint: 


[| 


DEMAND $ 


CHECK IF THIS IS ACLASS ACTION 
UNDER F.R.C.P. 23 


OTHER 


Check YES only if demanded in complaint 
JURY DEMAND: #] YES LNO 


Yes [ | 


If yes, give date 


NATURE OF SUIT 


PERSONAL INJURY 
[ ] 367 HEALTHCARE/ 


FORFEITURE/PENALTY 


PHARMACEUTICAL PERSONAL [ ]625 DRUG RELATED 


INJURY/PRODUCT LIABILITY 
[ ] 365 PERSONAL INJURY 
PRODUCT LIABILITY 


[ ]368 ASBESTOS PERSONAL 


INJURY PRODUCT 
LIABILITY 


PERSONAL PROPERTY 


[ ]370 OTHER FRAUD 
[ ]371 TRUTH IN LENDING 


[ ] 380 OTHER PERSONAL 
PROPERTY DAMAGE 

[ ]385 PROPERTY DAMAGE 
PRODUCT LIABILITY 


PRISONER PETITIONS 

[ ]463 ALIEN DETAINEE 

[ ]510 MOTIONS TO 
VACATE SENTENCE 
28 USC 2255 

[ ]530 HABEAS CORPUS 

[ ]535 DEATH PENALTY 

[ ]540 MANDAMUS & OTHER 


PRISONER CIVIL RIGHTS 


[ ]550 CIVIL RIGHTS 
[ ]555 PRISON CONDITION 
[ ] 560 CIVIL DETAINEE 


SEIZURE OF PROPERTY 
21 USC 881 
[ 1690 OTHER 


LABOR 


[ ] 710 FAIR LABOR 
STANDARDS ACT 

[ ] 720 LABOR/MGMT 
RELATIONS 

[ ] 740 RAILWAY LABOR ACT 


[ ] 751 FAMILY MEDICAL 
LEAVE ACT (FMLA) 


[ ]790 OTHER LABOR 
LITIGATION 
[ ]791 EMPL RET INC 


& Case No. 


ACTIONS UNDER STATUTES 


BANKRUPTCY 


[ ]422 APPEAL 
28 USC 158 

[ 1423 WITHDRAWAL 
28 USC 157 


PROPERTY RIGHTS 


[ ]820 COPYRIGHTS 
[ 1830 PATENT 
[ 1840 TRADEMARK 


SOCIAL SECURITY 


[ 1861 HIA (1395ff) 
[ ]862 BLACK LUNG (923) 

[ 1863 DIWC/DIWW (405(g)) 
[ 1864 SSID TITLE XVI 

[ 1865 RSI (405(g)) 


FEDERAL TAX SUITS 


[ ] 870 TAXES (U.S. Plaintiff or 
Defendant) 

[ ] 871 IRS-THIRD PARTY 
26 USC 7609 


SECURITY ACT (ERISA) 


IMMIGRATION 


[ ] 462 NATURALIZATION 
APPLICATION 

[ ]465 OTHER IMMIGRATION 
ACTIONS 


CONDITIONS OF CONFINEMENT 


OTHER STATUTES 


[ ]375 FALSE CLAIMS 
[ 1376 QUI TAM 


[ ]400 STATE 
REAPPORTIONMENT 

[ ]410 ANTITRUST 

[ ]430 BANKS & BANKING 

[ ]450 COMMERCE 

[ ]460 DEPORTATION 

[ 1470 RACKETEER INFLU- 
ENCED & CORRUPT 
ORGANIZATION ACT 
(RICO) 

[ ]480 CONSUMER CREDIT 

[ ]490 CABLE/SATELLITE TV 


[ ] 850 SECURITIES/ 
COMMODITIES/ 
EXCHANGE 


[ ]890 OTHER STATUTORY 
ACTIONS 
[ ]891 AGRICULTURAL ACTS 


[ ]893 ENVIRONMENTAL 
MATTERS 

[ ]895 FREEDOM OF 
INFORMATION ACT 

[ ] 896 ARBITRATION 


[ ] 899 ADMINISTRATIVE 
PROCEDURE ACT/REVIEW OR 
APPEAL OF AGENCY DECISION 


[ ]950 CONSTITUTIONALITY OF 
STATE STATUTES 


DO CO CLAIM THIS CASE IS RELATED TO A CIVIL CASE NOW PENDING IN S.D.N.Y.? 


DOCKET NUMBER 


NOTE: You must also submit at the time of filing the Statement of Relatedness form (Form IH-32). 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 2 Filed 06/20/16 Page 2 of 2 


(PLACE AN x INONE BOX ONLY) ORIGIN 
[3] 1 Original CI 2 Removed from CI 3° Remanded [| 4 Reinstated or [| 5 Transferred from [ | 6 Multidistrict [ | f Appeal to District 
Proceeding State Court from Reopened (Specify District) Litigation Judge from 
Appellate Magistrate Judge 
[ | a. all parties represented Court Judgment 
[ | b. Atleast one 
party is pro se. 
(PLACE AN x IN ONE BOX ONLY) BASIS OF JURISDICTION IF DIVERSITY, INDICATE 
[]1 U.S. PLAINTIFF [[]2 U.S.DEFENDANT [_]|3 FEDERAL QUESTION [%]4 DIVERSITY CITIZENSHIP BELOW. 
(U.S. NOT A PARTY) 
CITIZENSHIP OF PRINCIPAL PARTIES (FOR DIVERSITY CASES ONLY) 
(Place an [X] in one box for Plaintiff and one box for Defendant) 
PTF DEF PTF DEF PTF DEF 
CITIZEN OF THIS STATE []1 [se] 1 CITIZEN OR SUBJECT OF A []3[]3 INCORPORATED and PRINCIPAL PLACE []5 []5 
FOREIGN COUNTRY OF BUSINESS IN ANOTHER STATE 
CITIZEN OF ANOTHER STATE [x#]2 []2 INCORPORATED or PRINCIPAL PLACE [ ]4[ ]4 FOREIGN NATION []6 []6 


OF BUSINESS IN THIS STATE 


PLAINTIFF(S) ADDRESS(ES) AND COUNTY (IES) 


California (Plaintiff may be reached through her attorney) 


DEFENDANT(S) ADDRESS(ES) AND COUNTY (IES) 
Donald J. Trump: 725 5th Ave., New York, New York; New York County 


Jeffrey E. Epstein: 9 E. 71st St., New York, New York; New York County 


DEFENDANT(S) ADDRESS UNKNOWN 


REPRESENTATION IS HEREBY MADE THAT, AT THIS TIME, | HAVE BEEN UNABLE, WITH REASONABLE DILIGENCE, TO ASCERTAIN 
THE RESIDENCE ADDRESSES OF THE FOLLOWING DEFENDANTS: 


Check one: THIS ACTION SHOULD BE ASSIGNED TO: | |] WHITE PLAINS [3] MANHATTAN 
(DO NOT check either box if this a PRISONER PETITION/PRISONER CIVIL RIGHTS COMPLAINT.) 


ADMITTED TO PRACTICE IN THIS DISTRICT 

[] NO 

[99 YES (DATE ADMITTED Mo.October yr,1988 __ ) 
Attorney Bar Code # TM6707 


DATE June 20, 201\sigNATURE OF ATTORNEY OF RECORD 


RECEIPT # /s/Thomas Francis Meagher 


Magistrate Judge is to be designated by the Clerk of the Court. 
Magistrate Judge is so Designated. 


Ruby J. Krajick, Clerk of Court by Deputy Clerk, DATED 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT (NEW YORK SOUTHERN) 


Clear Form Save Print 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 3 Filed 06/20/16 Page 1 of 2 


AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Summons in a Civil Action 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 


for the 
Southern District of New York 


Jane Doe, proceeding under a pseudonym, 





Plaintiff(s) 


V. Civil Action No. 


Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein 





Neer eae Ol Ol Oe ae” s§ 


Defendant(s) 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 


To: (Defendant’s name and address) 
Donald J. Trump 
725 Sth Ave. 
New York, New York 


A lawsuit has been filed against you. 


Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (a)(2) or (3) — you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff’s attorney, 
whose name and address are: 

Thomas Francis Meagher, Esq. 
One Palmer Square 
Princeton, NJ 08542 


If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 


CLERK OF COURT 


Date: 








Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 3 Filed 06/20/16 Page 2 of 2 


AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Summons in a Civil Action (Page 2) 


Civil Action No. 


PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 4 (1)) 


This summons for (name of individual and title, if any) 





was received by me on (date) 





[1 I personally served the summons on the individual at (place) 





on (date) , OF 








[1] I left the summons at the individual’s residence or usual place of abode with (name) 





, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 





on (date) , and mailed a copy to the individual’s last known address; or 





[I I served the summons on (name of individual) , who is 





designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 














on (date) ; or 
[1 I returned the summons unexecuted because - or 
[I Other (specify): 
My fees are $ for travel and $ for services, for a total of $ 0.00 











I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 


Date: 








Server’s signature 





Printed name and title 





Server’s address 


Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 


a co [Reset 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 4 Filed 06/20/16 Page 1 of 2 


AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Summons in a Civil Action 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 


for the 
Southern District of New York 


Jane Doe, proceeding under a pseudonym, 





Plaintiff(s) 


V. Civil Action No. 


Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein 





Neer eae Ol Ol Oe ae” s§ 


Defendant(s) 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 


To: (Defendant’s name and address) 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
9 E. 71st St. 
New York, New York 


A lawsuit has been filed against you. 


Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (a)(2) or (3) — you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff’s attorney, 
whose name and address are: 

Thomas Francis Meagher, Esq. 
One Palmer Square 
Princeton, NJ 08542 


If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 


CLERK OF COURT 


Date: 








Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 4 Filed 06/20/16 Page 2 of 2 


AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Summons in a Civil Action (Page 2) 


Civil Action No. 


PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 4 (1)) 


This summons for (name of individual and title, if any) 





was received by me on (date) 





[1 I personally served the summons on the individual at (place) 





on (date) , OF 








[1] I left the summons at the individual’s residence or usual place of abode with (name) 





, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 





on (date) , and mailed a copy to the individual’s last known address; or 





[I I served the summons on (name of individual) , who is 





designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 














on (date) ; or 
[1 I returned the summons unexecuted because - or 
[I Other (specify): 
My fees are $ for travel and $ for services, for a total of $ 0.00 











I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 


Date: 








Server’s signature 





Printed name and title 





Server’s address 


Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 


a co [Reset 


Caédesé:16-6ve0464O4 RAD dhornererd SFikethd@a0/14l 6Patpege afat 2 


AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Summons in a Civil Action 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 


for the 
Southern District of New York 


Jane Doe, proceeding under a pseudonym, 





Plaintiff(s) 


V. Civil Action No. 16cv4642 


Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein 





Neer eae Ol Ol Oe ae” s§ 


Defendant(s) 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 


To: (Defendant’s name and address) 
Donald J. Trump 
725 Sth Ave. 
New York, New York 


A lawsuit has been filed against you. 


Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (a)(2) or (3) — you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff’s attorney, 
whose name and address are: 

Thomas Francis Meagher, Esq. 
One Palmer Square 
Princeton, NJ 08542 


If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 





CLERK OF COURT 


Date: 06/20/2016 /S/ D. Gonzalez 








Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 





Caédasé:16-6ve0464O4 RAD dhornererd SFilethd@a0/14l 6Patpeg2 afar 2 


AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Summons in a Civil Action (Page 2) 


Civil Action No. 16cv4642 


PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 4 (1)) 


This summons for (name of individual and title, if any) 





was received by me on (date) 





[1 I personally served the summons on the individual at (place) 





on (date) ; or 








[1] I left the summons at the individual’s residence or usual place of abode with (name) 





, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 





on (date) , and mailed a copy to the individual’s last known address; or 





[I I served the summons on (name of individual) , who is 





designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 














on (date) ; or 
[1 I returned the summons unexecuted because - or 
[I Other (specify): 
My fees are $ for travel and $ for services, for a total of $ 0.00 











I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 


Date: 








Server’s signature 





Printed name and title 





Server’s address 


Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 


a co [Reset 


Caédasé:16-6ve0464O4 RAD dhornerert 6Filethd@ea0/14l 6Patpege afat 2 


AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Summons in a Civil Action 


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 


for the 
Southern District of New York 


Jane Doe, proceeding under a pseudonym, 





Plaintiff(s) 


V. Civil Action No. 16cv4642 


Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein 





Neer eae Ol Ol Oe ae” s§ 


Defendant(s) 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 


To: (Defendant’s name and address) 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
9 E. 71st St. 
New York, New York 


A lawsuit has been filed against you. 


Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (a)(2) or (3) — you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiffs attorney, 
whose name and address are: 

Thomas Francis Meagher, Esq. 
One Palmer Square 
Princeton, NJ 08542 


If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 


CLERK OF COURT 


Date: 06/20/2016 /S/ D. Gonzalez 








Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 





Caédesé:16-6ve0464O4 RAD dhonnerert 6Filethd@a0/14l 6Patpeg2 afat 2 


AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Summons in a Civil Action (Page 2) 


Civil Action No. 


PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 4 (1)) 


This summons for (name of individual and title, if any) 





was received by me on (date) 





[1 I personally served the summons on the individual at (place) 





on (date) , OF 








[1] I left the summons at the individual’s residence or usual place of abode with (name) 





, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 





on (date) , and mailed a copy to the individual’s last known address; or 





[I I served the summons on (name of individual) , who is 





designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 














on (date) ; or 
[1 I returned the summons unexecuted because - or 
[I Other (specify): 
My fees are $ for travel and $ for services, for a total of $ 0.00 











I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 


Date: 








Server’s signature 





Printed name and title 





Server’s address 


Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 


a co [Reset 





Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 7 Filed 06/30/16 Page 1 of 2 





USDC-SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT DOC#: 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK DATE FILED: 6/30/2016 






JANE DOE Processing under a pseudonym, 








Plaintiff, No. 16-CV-4642 (RA) 


”s ORDER AND NOTICE 


DONALD J, TRUMP and JEFFREY E. OF INITIAL CONFERENCE 


EPSTEIN, 






Defendants. 


RONNIE ABRAMS, United States District Judge: 

This case has been assigned to me for all purposes. It is hereby: 

ORDERED that counsel for all parties appear for an initial status conference on 
September 9, 2016 at 3:15 p.m. in Courtroom 1506 of the U.S. District Court for the Southern 
District of New York, 40 Foley Square, New York, New York. 

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that, by September 2, 2016, the parties submit a joint letter, 


not to exceed five (5) pages, providing the following information in separate paragraphs: 


I, A brief description of the nature of the action and the principal defenses 
thereto; 
Z: A brief explanation of why jurisdiction and venue lie in this Court. If any 


party is a corporation, the letter shall state both the place of incorporation 
and the principal place of business. If any party is a partnership, limited 
partnership, limited liability company or trust, the letter shall state the 
citizenship of each of the entity’s members, shareholders, partners and/or 
trustees; 


3 A brief description of all contemplated and/or outstanding motions and 
how such motions may affect scheduling in this matter; 


4. A brief description of any discovery that has already taken place, and/or 
that which will be necessary for the parties to engage in meaningful 
settlement negotiations; 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 7 Filed 06/30/16 Page 2 of 2 


5. A brief description of prior settlement discussions (without disclosing the 
parties’ offers or settlement positions) and the prospect of settlement; 


6, The estimated length of trial; and 


a Any other information that the parties believe may assist the Court in 
advancing the case to settlement or trial, including, but not limited to, a 
description of any dispositive issue or novel issue raised by the case. 


IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that, by September 2, 2016, the parties jointly submit to the 
Court a proposed case management plan and scheduling order. A template for the order 1s 
available at http://nysd.uscourts.gov/judge/Abrams. The status letter and the proposed case 
management plan should be filed electronically on ECF, consistent with Section 13.1 of the 
Court’s Electronic Case Filing (ECF) Rules & Instructions, available at 
http://www.nysd.uscourts.gov/ecf/ecf_rules_080113.pdf. 

Plaintiff is ordered to serve Defendants with a copy of this order and to file an affidavit 
on ECF certifying that such service has been effectuated. 
SO ORDERED. 


Dated: June 30, 2016 
New York, New York 





United States District Judge 


Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Document 8 Filed 08/25/16 Page 1 of 1 





USDC-SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT DOC#: 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK DATE FILED: 08/25/2016 






JANE DOE, 









Plaintiff, 
No. 16-CV-4642 (RA) 


V. 
ORDER 


DONALD J. TRUMP and JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN, 


Defendants. 





RONNIE ABRAMS, United States District Judge: 

An initial pretrial conference is presently scheduled for September 9, 2016 in this action. 
Plaintiff, however, has not yet filed affidavits of service confirming that Defendants have been 
served with copies of the summons and complaint. In order to allow Plaintiff the full amount of 
time authorized by Rule 4(m) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to serve Defendants and to 
allow Defendants the full amount of time authorized by Rule 12(a) to respond to the complaint in 


advance of the initial pretrial conference, the conference shall be adjourned until October 14, 2016 


at 10:00 a.m. 
SO ORDERED. 
Dated: August 25, 2016 —— 





New York, New York 





Ronnie Abrams 
United States District Judge 











Get started with 
Microsoft OneDrive 





Microsoft OneDrive is cloud storage that you can 
get to trom anywhere. It helps you stay organized, 
access your important documents, photos, and 
other Tiles from any device, and share those files 
with friends, family, or coworkers. 











On your PC or Mac 


The OneDrive folder on your computer 
always keeps your Tiles up-to-date. 
Anything you add or edit in there gets 
synced via the cloud to your other 
devices or people you've shared with. 


Get OneDrive for PC or Mac 


OneDrive.com 

Access your files anywhere you have 
Internet access. Log in at OneDrive.com 
to view and share any Tile or create Office 
documents right from your browser. 


On your phone or tablet 


No matter where you are, your files are 
always within reach with the OneDrive 
mobile apps tor Android, iOS, and 
Windows Phone. To get the app, 

go to OneDrive.com/download. 


# Download on the a Posaie i Get it from 
& App Store | Google Play | Microsoft 





Add files 


The easiest way to get started Is to drag 
and drop files into OneDrive. After you 
install the app, tind the OneDrive folder on 
your PC or Mac. Or visit OneDrive.com and 
drag Tiles into the browser window. 





From your phone or tablet 





You can add files from your mobile device using 
the OneDrive app. Turn on camera upload to 
save the photos and videos you take, and you 
can easily view them on another device or share 
them with friends and family. 


Effortless sharing 


Instead of emailing files back and forth or running 
into trouble sending large Tiles, share with OneDrive. 
When you do, people will receive a link to the files 
or folder. Rest assured that everything you put in 
your OneDrive Is private until you share It. 






Share photos and albums 

Photos you upload to OneDrive are easy to share 
with friends and family. Just got back from a vacation 
and want to share the experience? Send a link to a 
few of your best photos or create a gorgeous album 
you can invite others to enjoy. 


Do more with Office 


With OneDrive and Office, you can create 
documents on any device, access them from 
anywhere, and work together with other people. 


Get the free apps 

Use the Office mobile apps to create and edit 
documents trom anywhere. Tap the icons to 
download the apps now. 


Download the Office apps for your phone or tablet 


% & Ng 


PowerPoint Word Excel OneNote 





Download Office 365 for PC or Mac 


Use Office on the web 


You can create Word documents, Excel 
soreadsheets, PowerPoint presentations, 
and OneNote notebooks trom any device 
for tree trom the OneDrive website. Sign in 





to OneDrive.com and then choose “New”. al 


Edit docs on the go 

When your Office documents are 

in OneDrive, you can open and edit 
them trom the OneDrive mobile apps 
or the OneDrive website. 








Collaborate with others 

When you share an Office document, 
you can give people permission to 

edit it so you don't have to send 2 
around different copies in email. 
This way, they can insert comments, 


images, charts, and other content to 2 
the document themselves. 





Get the premium experience 


® There’s a lot you can accomplish with 
the power of the tree OneDrive service, 


but if you need more storage or want access to 
oremium features, try Office 365. You'll get 1 TB 
(1000 GB) of OneDrive storage, exclusive tools 
that will helo you be more productive, and the 
latest versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and 
Outlook for your PC, Mac, and mobile devices. 





Visit OneDrive.com/plans to learn more. 





Learn more about OneDrive @ 


at OneDrive.com/support AN 
Py 
— 


qc 








