

Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page1 of 648
EXHIBIT A


6/14/2016
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page2 of 648
Prince Andrew and girl, 17, who sex offender friend flew to Britain to meet him | Daily Mail Online
Daily Mail
Home U.K.
News
Latest Headlines
News
Sports | U.S. Showbiz | Australia | Femail | Health | Science | Money | Video | Travel | Columnists
World News
Ans
Headlines
CERS MORTARE
News Board Wires
Login
Prince Andrew and the 17-year-old girl his
sex offender friend flew to Britain to meet
him
By SHARON CHURCHER
UPDATED: 08:02 EST, 2 March 2011
101
View comments
• Virginia Roberts reveals she is 'Jane Doe 102' in Jeffrey Epstein case
• Mother-of-three spent four years as millionaire's personal masseuse
• She describes being flown across world to meet Prince Andrew
• Epstein trained her 'as a prostitute for him and his friends'
As the UK's special representative for international trade, the Duke of York holds an important
position, requiring sound judgement and widespread respect.
ut those qualities have been thrown into question since photographs of Prince Andrew with r
ilionaire financier friend Jeffrey Epstein, a convicted child-sex offender who was jailed for '
months for soliciting underage prostitutes, appeared last weekend.
Today, however, even more serious doubts are cast on his suitability after a woman at the centre of
the Epstein case revealed to The Mail on Sunday that she had, as a 17-year-old employed by
Epstein, been flown across the world to be introduced to the Prince.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1361039/Prince-Andrew-girl-17-sex-offender-friend-flew-Britain-meet-him.html
1/34


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page3 of 648
6/14/2016
Lindsay Lohan flashes
her cleavage in a low-
cut lilac number as she
enjoys romantic day in
Zurich with fiance Egor
Tarabasov
Lovely in lilac
Back in time to
celebrate! Kim
Kardashian and Kanye
West arrive in LA on eve
of daughter North's third
birthday
Whirlwind 24-hour trip
Bathing suit babes!
Playboy vet Kendra
Wilkinson shows off
chest in one piece while
celebrating 31st
birthday with 'number
one ho' in Arizona
Sean Penn's son
Hopper, 22, reveals his
famous father wanted to
name him 'Steak' due to
his love of red meat
His mom Robin Wright
wouldn't have gone for it
New romance for
Ruby? Rose 'dating'
businesswoman Harley
Gusman after the pair
were spotted cozying up
on a date in Hollywood
Off the market?
Was Patrick Swayze a
victim of domestic
abuse? Wife denies
claims she beat the
Dirty Dancing star
throughout their 34-year
marriage - and even
when he was dying
Advertisement
First meeting: Prince Andrew puts his arms around 17-year-old Virginia, centre
On one of those occasions Virginia Roberts was subsequently paid $15,000 (£9,400). Her shocking
account of her four years as Epstein's personal masseuse is supported by court documents, an
eyewitness, photographs and flight details of Epstein's private jets.
One picture, said to have been taken by Epstein during Andrew's first encounter with the girl in
March 2001 and published today by The Mail on Sunday, shows the Prince with his arm around hel
waist.
his is not the first time the Duke of Yorks judgment and choice of associates have been
questioned. He appears to relish the company of super-rich oil billionaires from the Middle East
North Africa and the former Soviet Union.
The peculiar sale of his former marital home to a Kazakh businessman for £15 million after it had
languished unsold for five years at £12 million has never been satisfactorily explained
In the recent leak of American diplomatic cables it was revealed that he had criticised an official
corruption investigation into the huge Al-Yamamah arms deal between Britain and Saudi Arabia,
while he is also said to be close to Saif Al-Islam Gaddafi, son of the beleaguered Libyan president,
and may have had a role in the early release of Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset Al Mearahi.
he has known since at least 2000, and with
But as nore is centeast it andi, hom While on the streets, I
Op the late race is are date slept with men for
of the late disgraced newspaper baron Robert
Maxwell, that gives most concern.
money. I was a
He was first seen with the pair on holiday in
Thailand, and was pictured cavorting with
Ghislaine at a Halloween fetishthemed party in
paedophile's dream
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1381039/Prince-Andrew-girl-17-sex-offender-friend-flew-Britain-meet-him.html
2134


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page4 of 648
6/14/2016
Manhattan.
The photograph that appeared last weekend shows the prince strolling through Central Park with
58-year-old Epstein. Andrew was said to have spent four days at his New York mansion in
December, when he was joined by other distinguished guests, including Woody Allen, at a dinner.
It is by no means the first New York soiree Andrew has attended as Epstein's guest.
A lengthy profile of the financier in Vanity Fair magazine some years ago reported that Andrew was
a guest at a cocktail party thrown by Epstein and Maxwell packed with young Russian models.
Some guests were horrified,' said the article's author, Vicky Ward.
It should not be forgotten that Epstein is a registered sex offender after recently completing his
sentence for offences relating to child prostitution.
However, he avoided trial on more serious charges that carried a potential life sentence. And no one
reading The Mail on Sunday's interview with the woman who was prepared to testify against him can
be in any doubt of the seriousness of the charges.
Epstein, a Wall Street money manager who once counted Bill Clinton and Donald Trump among his
friends, became the subject of an undercover investigation in 2005 after the stepmother of a 14-year
old girl claimed she was paid $200 (£125) to give him an 'erotic massage'.
The subsequent FBI probe uncovered at least 20 girls levelling sexual allegations against him.
Eventually, Epstein struck a 'plea bargain' with prosecutors - a practice not permitted under British
law - under which he was allowed to plead guilty to two relatively minor charges.
Police claim that his donations to politicians and his 'dream team' of influential lawyers deterred
prosecutors from bringing more serious charges of sex-trafficking. The deal certainly kept the names
of a lot of Epstein's famous friends out of an embarrassing court case.
However, an unusual part of the agreement was that Epstein's alleged victims were allowed to bring
civil proceedings against him.
He has so far made 17 out-of-court settlements, and some cases are ongoing. One of these girls
was to have been a key witness for the prosecution had the case gone to trial. She was just 15
years old when she was drawn into Epstein's exploitative world in 1998.
in her civil writ against him, under the pseudonym Jane Doe 102' she alleged that her duties
included being 'sexually exploited by Epstein's adult male peers including royalty.
Now, horrified by the evidence of Epstein and Andrew enjoying each other's company in New York,
Jane Doe 102 has agreed to waive her anonymity and tell for the first time her deeply disturbing
Her real name is Virginia Roberts and she now lives in Australia, where she is a happily married
mother of three.
Over the course of a week during which she spoke at length to The Mail on Sunday, she appeared
sometimes vulnerable, and sometimes steely, but always quietly resolute and consistent.
Revisiting events from a past that she had hoped she had left behind, Virginia occasionally buried
her face in her hands.
Some recollections - and, for reasons of taste, not all the details can be included here - caused her
to flush with shame. 'I'm telling you things that even my husband didn't know, she said.
Virginia, who has undergone counselling to try to come to terms with her past, is honest about her
initiation into Epstein's depraved world.
She was a troubled teenager, whose slender figure, delicate complexion, hesitant voice and soulful
blue eyes made her look young for her years.
Born in Sacramento, California, in August 1983, Virginia spent her early years on a small ranch on
the West Coast of America.
This seemingly idyllic childhood ended when she was sexually molested by a man close to her
family.
The fallout from that led to her parents temporarily splitting up. Blaming herself, Virginia began to
get into trouble Aged 11, she was sent to live with an aunt but repeatedly ran away.
Living on the streets, she was beaten up and slept with at least two older men in return for food. I
was a paedophile's dream,' she says.
Three years later, she was reunited with her family and started a new life with her father who had
moved to Palm Beach,
Florida, where he was maintenance manager at Donald Trump's country club, Mar-a-Lago.
Virginia got a part-time job as a changing room assistant -which is where, soon after her 15th
birthday, she met Ghislaine Maxwell, who invited her to work as Epstein's personal masseuse
"I was wearing my uniform - a white miniskirt and a skin-tight white polo top - when I was
approached by Ghislaine, ' Virginia says.
"I told her I wanted to become a masseuse and she said she worked for a very wealthy gentleman
who was looking for a travelling masseuse.
To get training and be paid well. Virginia's father gave his blessing, believing his daughter was being
handed the opportunity to learn a skill and to work for a wealthy and respectable employer.
He drove her to Epstein's pink mansion on the Palm Beach waterfront - he also owns a nine-storey
home in New York, the city's biggest private residence; a 7,500-acre ranch called 'Zorro' in New
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1361039/Prince-Andrew-girl-17-sex-offender-friend-flew-Britain-meet-him.html
'Need a tight tush:
LeAnn Rimes illustrates
how to get a firm 'booty'
as she does yoga in
skimpy tank top and
leggings
Exercise tips
'I want them really big!'
Blonde bombshell begs
doctors to make her
1,000cc implants - even
after they insist her
enhanced breasts are
'perfect'
On Botched
'It's my fourth favorite
reality show! Jessica
Alba and Kate Hudson
are mean girls as Chris
Martin plays for laughs
in Sara and Erin Foster's
Barely Famous
'He's turned into an
absolute jerk:' Former
Celebrity Apprentice
star Vivica A. Fox slams
Donald Trump... but
says he's not a racist
She's no longer a fan
'I don't see a dark past
anymore": Paris
Jackson reveals tattoos
have helped cover her
'scars and self-hatred'
in moving Instagram
post
How the season's
hottest beach babes
including Hailee
Steinfeld and Kendall
Jenner are embracing
Jewelry at the seashora
Chic on the beach
This old thing!
Ducheas of Cambridge
recycles a TEN-year-old
brocade coat as she
plants a tree at garden
party
From the back of her
wardrobe
EXCLUSIVE: Alexa
Curtin, daughter of Real
Housewives star Lynne,
is charged with drug
possession two months
after accusing O.C
deputy sheriff of raping
her during a traffic stop
'Itold my mom she's a
grandma': Maria
Menounos shared
excitement about her
frozen embryos in
poignant IVF interview...
given before negative
pregnancy test
Gene Simmons'
daughter Sophie says
she was told she was
'not small enough' to be
a model and reveals her
mom taught her to love
her shape
Heath
3/34


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page5 of 648
6/14/2016
Case Dereapfer Deafer oiled oiled 00511 Palagle gof 9
Mexico and Little Saint James, a private 70-
acre atoll in the Us Virgin Islands.
"Id cry because there
was nothing I could do to
help': Bella Hadid pens
emotional note about
her mother Yolanda's
Lyme disease battle and
shares the impact of her
own struggle
Has the Queen Bey
lost her sting? Beyonce
steps out in two
questionable outfits as
she recycles Super
Bowl Reformation look
She is still a trailblazer
Jenna Bush Hager
shares somber
message about
motherhood as she
reveals her daughter
was baptized only hours
before Orlando shooting
Time for Kardashian
klass! From 'bloop' to
"ratchet'... Kim schools
fans in how to talk like a
true-blooded member of
the family
How to be like them
Brazilian Miss Bum
Bum model reveals she
is paralysed from the
waist down after
throwing herself from a
fourth floor window in
suicide attempt
A new life: Virgina, now a mother-of-three, in
Australia
Virginia says: 'Ghislaine said I was to start immediately and that someone would drive me home.
My father left and I was told to go upstairs!' She was led by another woman through Epstein's
bedroom into a massage room where he lay face down naked on a table.
He started to interviewed Virginia. This was unconventional, but Virginia had no suspicions.
Presumably, she thought, this was how the wealthy conducted their business.
Epstein elicited the information that Virginia had been a runaway, and was no longer a virgin.
Virginia was then told to start massaging Epstein, under the instructions of the woman who had
shown her in. The massage quickly developed into a sexual encounter.
Virginia was uncomfortable, but reluctant to deny such important people. 'My face was red with
embarrassment, she says. 'But I felt under immense pressure to please them.
The whole time it was going on, they were promising me the world, that I'd travel with Jeffrey on his
private jet and have a well-paid profession. Afterwards, she was given two $100 bills and told to
return the next day.
That was the beginning of the four years she spent with Epstein.
For three of those years, she was under Florida's age of consent, which is 18.
Southern Charm stars
claim Kathryn Dennis
failed drug test in
custody battle with
wealthy drug-shamed
former politician
Thomas Ravenel as he
takes their kids to NYC
Mini-me Barron joins
parents Donald Trump
and Melania at The Polo
Bar for dinner the night
before his 70th birthday
(and Secret Service
chauffeurs them the one
block walk home)
Lord of the manor!
Scott Disick views
$2.8million property in
Beverly Hills as he
hunts for a house to fix
up and sell
He is 33
Peek-a-boob! Heidi
Klum flashes cleavage
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1361039/PrinceAndrew-girl-17-sex-offender-friend-flew-Britain-meat-him.html
4/34


6/14/2016
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page6 of 648
Case 1:1507498S Deupfred 12160 toiled 00911 Paid@got 9
as she leaves her
blouse undone across
her chest during NYC
outing with her children
Mom-of-four
She's almost as tall as
her mom! Courteney
Cox's daughter Coco
Arquette wears high
heels and polka dot
dress for her 12th
birthday at Nobu
Troubled teenager: Virginia on the billionaire's Zorro ranch in New Mexico in 2001
Virginia was fascinated by his life story: the son of a humble New York City parks worker, he was a
teacher before becoming a Wall Street broker and friends with the upper echelons of the political,
financial and academic establishment.
As a confused teenager, Virginia easily fell into the practice of sexually gratifying him for money.
He guaranteed her a minimum of $200 each time she gave him what he called an 'erotic massage.'
Virginia said: 'I would always receive the money immediately. He would give me the cash from a wad
he carried in a black duffel bag or an assistant paid me.
'And, because of the way Epstein had warped her sensibilities, every time she took the cash,
Virginia felt even more indebted to him. Secretly, he was also preparing her for an even more
disturbing role.
and is triends trainihared his prorest in form Epstein had trained me
and his friends who shared his interest in young
girls she says: 'After about two years, he started to do whatever men
to ask me to "entertain" his friends.'
It started when Epstein called Virginia at the Palm Wanted. I told myself |
Beach apartment he had rented for her.
She recalls: 'He said, "'ve got a good friend and | was special
need you to fly to the island to
entertain him, massage him and make him feel how you make me feel."
He didn't spell out what I had to do. He didn't have to. 'He'd trained me to do whatever a man
wanted. I was shocked but I told myself he was sharing me around because he trusted me and I was
special.
I was worried, but i would do anything to keep Jeffrey happy and to keep my place as his number
one girl.
He would keep telling me how lucky I was with the life I was leading and the money I was making. It
was easy to fall into his grasp.
'The way it usually worked was l'd be sent to meet a man on the private island Jeffrey owned in the
Caribbean, or at his ranch in New Mexico, which was really isolated.' She was 'given' to men ranging
in age from their 40s to their 60s.
They included a well-known businessman (whose pregnant wife was asleep in the next room), a
world-renowned scientist, a respected liberal politician and a foreign head of state.
None appeared to think the arrangement was unusual. Virginia says there were many other girls in
Epstein's circle and that she was paid extra money to help recruit them
"They would lounge around the Palm Beach house, the ranch or the island, nude or topless,' she
says. 'But I was one of the very few he trusted as "special" and chosen to "entertain" his friends.'
Virginia took the sedative Xanax to detach herself from sordid reality. 'It was an escape drug,' she
says. 'It made me calm and helped me forget about what I had to do. I was up to eight pills a day.'
Epstein had no objection to Virginia's use of prescription drugs, no doubt recognising that they made
her even more malleable. 'I didn't want to go back to the life I'd had before' she says.
That made me totally obedient.' Despite the fact that Epstein was, essentially, her pimp, this life now
seemed normal to Virginia. 'I felt that he and Ghislaine really cared for me,' she said
'We'd do family things, like watch Sex And The City and eat popcorn. 'A lot of it was very glamorous.
I met famous friends of his such as Al Gore and Heidi Klum and Naomi Campbell. He introduced me
as his "travelling masseuse."
Some people mistook me for his daughter. 'When we were in New York or Palm Beach, Ghislaine
and I would shop all day.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1361039/Prince-Andrew-girl-17-sex-offender-friend-flow-Britain-meet-him.html
Allow
'It's hard on me": Liev
Schreiber talks struggle
of working in LA while
Naomi Watts and their
two kids are in NYC as
he sits down with Ellen
He misses them
'I was too big': Khloe
Kardashian reveals
stylists refused to work
with her before she lost
40lbs as she wows in
stunning natural shoot
for Harper's Bazaar
Curb Your Enthusiasm
is back! Larry David's
beloved comedy series
will return for a ninth
season
The beloved HBO
comedy series
Super-sized diamond
Her Majesty calls
'Granny's Chips' and the
solitaire seed that grew
into a flower: Queen's
brooches and earrings
have a glittering history
Sporty! Channing
Tatum wears a
backward baseball cap
and matching vest as he
leaves NYC hotel
The Magic Mike star was
hard to miss
Rollin' and strollin'!
Chilled Bobby
Cannavale gets behind
the wheels of baby son
Rocco's classy ride as
he runs errands
Star of HBO's Vinyl
5/34


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page7 of 648
6/14/2016
Jeffrey bought me jewellery - diamonds were
his favourite - and wonderful furniture. He was
paying me very well because I'd give him sex
whenever he wanted it.'
She was, she says, delighted when Epstein
invited her to accompany him on a six-week trip
in 2001.
'He said we'd be going to Europe and North
Africa to meet architects and interior decorators
because he wanted to redo his New Mexico
house.
I threw my arms around him and gave him a
peck on the cheek.! They flew to Paris, then
Spain, then Tangier.
Finally, they went to London. 'After we landed,
we drove straight to Ghislaine's house,' says
Virginia. 'I was given a small upstairs bedroom.
The following morning, Ghislaine came in.
She was chirpy and jumped on the bed saying,
"Get up, sleepyhead. You've got a big day.
We've got to go shopping. You need a dress as
you're going to dance with a Prince tonight."
'She said I needed to be "smiley" and bubbly
because he was the Queen's son.
Ghislaine and | went to Burberry, where she
bought me a £5,000 bag, and to a few other
Counselling: Virginia at her mother's home at Palm
Beach in 1998
designer stores where we bought a couple of
dresses, a pair of embroidered jeans and a pink
singlet, perfume and make-up
We got back to Ghislaine's house at around 4pm and I ran straight upstairs to shower and dress.
When I went downstairs, Ghislaine and Jeffrey were in the lounge. There was a knock at the door.
Ghislaine led Andrew in and we kissed each other on the cheek. 'Ghislaine served tea from a
porcelain pot and biscuits. She knew Sarah Ferguson and they talked fondly about Andrew's
daughters.
Then Ghislaine asked Andrew how old he thought I was and he guessed 17 and they all laughed.
Ghislaine made a joke that I was getting too old for Jeffrey.
She said, "He'll soon have to trade her in." It was widely known that he liked young girls.! The four of
them went out to dinner and on to Tramp nightclub where, she says, Andrew danced with her.
'After about an hour-and-a-half, we drove back to Ghislaine's.
All of us went upstairs and I asked Jeffrey to snap a picture of me with the Prince. I wanted
something to show my Mom. Ghislaine and Jeffrey left us after that, and later Andrew left.
'In the morning, Ghislaine said, "You did well. He had fun". We flew straight back to the States.' The
Mail on Sunday has confirmed that the tycoon's jet flew to Paris on March 6, 2001, continuing to
Granada, Tangier and London, before returning to New York.
On the last leg of the trip, Virginia was paid about $15,000 (£9,400) by Epstein. 'It was amazing
money, more than I'd ever made on a trip with him before.
He didn't say there was any special reason, but I felt like I'd done everything he wanted. He was very
pleased.'
There is no suggestion that there was any sexual
contact between Virginia and Andrew, or that
I took eight pills a day to
Andrew knew that Epstein paid her to have sex
help me forget what I had to
with his friends.
However, the Prince must have been aware of
do. It made me calm.
Epstein's conviction when he stayed with him in New York in December.
Virginia says she met Andrew for a second time around Easter 2001 at Epstein's Manhattan
mansion.
When I got to the mansion, I was told, "Get ready. You are meeting someone in the office" - which
is what they called the library. Andrew was sitting there in a big leather armchair.
I'm dating a separated
married man: Bethenny
Frankel reveals she
went to high school with
wife of new boyfriand
Dennis Shields
Skinny Girl founder
Get in there! Prince
Harry and Zara Tindall
can't contain their
excitement as they
watch their horses
gallop to victory at
Royal Ascot
'This isn't about you
and your fake a** kiss
for publicity': Madonna
is slammed for her 'self-
promoting' tweets
following Orlando
massacre
Jason Momoa's mini-
me! Game of Thrones
hunk enjoys family
outing with cutie clone
Nakoa-Wolf
Seven-year-old's mom is
Lisa Bonet
Craving a little
Mexican! Rob
Kardashian's pregnant
fiancée Blac Chyna digs
into a bowl of tortilla
soup during Snapchat
video
Another Bachelor
baby! Peyton and Chris
Lambton are "thrilled" to
be expecting their first
child after four years of
marriage
The two wed in 2012
Lil Wayne 'guzzled
three bottles of cough
syrup mix lean' before
suffering TWO
seizures...as rapper now
'stable and in good
spirits'
Cowgirl chic!
Alessandra Ambrosio
shows off toned legs
with mini skirt as the
stunner goes for a
denim-on-denim look
Victora's Secret Angel
Madonna and Guy
Ritchie on brink of deal
over custody of their 15-
year-old son Rocco as
judge agrees to call off
showdown court hearing
for more talks
Ghislaine had just given him a present, a big toy that was his Spitting Image puppet. 'He was smiling
ear-to-ear. He looked like a kid whose parents were taking him to Disney World.
A beautiful girl called Johanna Sjoberg who worked for Jeffrey was sitting on Andrew's knee.
Ghislaine guided me over to Andrew and I think he recognised me, though I don't know if he
remembered my name.
Gillian Anderson looks
demure in sophisticated
navy knee-length dress
as she attends star
studded charity gala
On behalf of Action on
Addiction
Charlie Sheen cuts a
casual figure while out
and about in
Stockholm.... After
becoming the new face
GAY OR STRAIGH
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1361039/Prince-Andrew-girl-17-sex-offender-friend-flew-Britain-meet-him.html
6/34


8/14/2016
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page8 of 648
Case 1:15907403WS D0041215 Billed 06149M@aid@81 9
of condom brand Lelo
Hex
Organiser: Ghislaine Maxwell looks on as Andrew put his arm around Virginia. Robert Maxwell's daughter
invited her to work as Epstein's personal masseuse soon after her 15th birthday
We kissed on the cheek and Ghislaine placed me on his other knee.' Johanna spoke to The Mail on
Sunday three years ago about this incident, which took place when she was 21.
She said: 'Ghislaine put the puppet's hand on Virginia's breast, then Andrew put his hand on my
breast. It was a great joke. Everybody laughed.' After this, Virginia was paid, by Epstein, around
$400 (£250):
She met Andrew for the third and final time on Epstein's Caribbean island, Little Saint James.
Virginia was never under the British legal age of consent when she met Andrew. She was 17 during
the first two encounters and 18 at the third.
By now, however, Epstein, had started to hint that she was getting too old' for him.
But during one trip to the island, Epstein and Ghislaine made their most astonishing proposition, and
one which repulsed her. They said Jeffrey wanted me to have his child,' she says.
They said I was part of their family and I was beautiful, young, loyal and nurturing and would be a
great mother.
They said I would have to sign a contract relinquishing rights to the child and consenting to Jeffrey
having as many relationships as he liked. In return I would have my own mansion in Palm Beach
and a large monthly payment, a percentage of his income!
This, finally, was a wake-up call to Virginia and she began to see the way in which she had been
groomed.
'It was a smack in the face,' she says. 'I finally realised this wasn't ever going to be a real
relationship but I knew if I refused, I'd be thrown back on the streets. So I said, 'I'm too young. I
want to get my massage credentials, then maybe we'll do it":
The tycoon took her at her word and, for her 19th birthday in August 2002, flew her to Thailand
where he enrolled her in a massage course.
Shortly after arriving there, she met an Australian martial arts expert called Robert. They fell in love
and, just ten days later, married in a Buddhist ceremony.
'I called Jeffrey and told him I'd fallen madly in love,' Virginia says. 'I was hoping he'd be delighted.
But he said, "Have a nice life," and hung up on me! The couple now have two sons, aged five and
four, and a daughter who recently turned one.
The first few months after I married Robert were the worst,' she says. 'I couldn't bring myself to tell
him much. No man wants to know his wife has been traded out.
'I felt very alone. I was having panic attacks and seeing a psychiatrist and was on anti-depressants.
' Virginia was beginning to put her Epstein days behind her when, three years ago, she was phoned
by the FBI.
http://www.oailymail.co.uk/news/article-1361039/Prince-Andrew-girl-17-sax-offendar-friend-flow-Britain-meet-him.html
Wave goodbye to the
rain! The deluge
FINALLY stops as the
Queen arrives at Ascot
with Philip and Harry
after thousands of
racegoers got drenched
Two nations standing
together: Wills and Kate
sign book of condolence
to pay their respects to
the victims of Orlando
nightclub killer
Paying respects
Time for an upgrade?
David Arquette lists his
historic Los Angeles
mansion for $8.5m
Selling Hancock Park
seven-bedroom home
which he bought in 2014
She's her own best
advert! Jessica Alba's
tresses glint in the sun
as she promotes her
Honest Company's new
hair care range in New
York
Katharine McPhee
flashes a hint of
sideboob in a plunging
unbuttoned black dress
as she poses at the
Monte Carlo Television
Festival
Let the trading begin!
Independence Day's
Liam Hemsworth
and Vivica A. Fox ring
the NASDAQ bell and
help celebrate the
Army's birthday in NYC
Ava Sambora puts on
an eye-popping display
for sizzling photo shoot
as she parades her
enviable bikini bod in
Malibu
Daughter of rocker Richie
Sambora
How does Adele make
YOU feel? Sad songs
provide 'enjoyment,
comfort or pain to
different people'
Great comfort from
seemingly sad songs
Daisy Lowe and
rumored boyfriend
Darius Campbell appear
in high spirits as they
leave star-studded
charity event
She is 27
Sir Paul McCartney
leads tributes as Wings
guitarist Henry
7/34


6/14/2016
'They said they had found photos of me at
Jeffrey's Palm Beach house,' she says. '[Epstein
hadj hidden cameras watching me the entire
time even when I was in the bathroom. I was so
embarrassed.
"I told the FBI that my true purpose was sexual.
They told me everything he did was illegal
because I was under age.' (The age of consent
in Florida is 18).
'They said that if it had to go to trial, they'd need
me because I'd lived with him and that made me
a key witness. I was very afraid, because he had
so much power, but eventually I agreed to
testify.
I was glad he'd finally been found out. He
shouldn't be hurting other girls. Following
Epstein's arrest, investigators are believed to
have found a list of men's names on his
computer and asked him whether they had been
'treated' to sexual encounters with his menage
of minors.
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page9 of 648
McCullough who
played on Live and Let
Die Bond theme dies
aged 72
Remembering his pal
Conviction: Jeffrey Epstein
'He took the Fifth Amendment, refusing to answer, indicating that if he were to answer the question,
it could be incriminating, a source told The Mail on Sunday.
Epstein struck a deal resulting in what commentators characterised as a 'slap on the wrist' for him,
and ended up serving 13 months of his sentence, much of it in a liberal work-release programme
Lawyer Brad Edwards, who represented several of Epstein's victims, said: 'Rather than punish him
the way they would an average Joe, they sent a clear message that with enough money and power
and influence, the system can be bought.
Virginia was spared her the humiliation of having to go before a jury, and has kept her feelings
bottled up until last weekend's photograph of Andrew with Epstein triggered distressing memories.
Virginia says: 'I am appalled. To me, it's saying, "We are above the law." But Jeffrey is a monster.'
Last night, neither Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell nor Prince Andrew would comment on Virginia's story.
Bargain shopper! Drew
Barrymore sports
colorful silk jacket as
she loads up a trolley
with knick-knacks at
flea market
She's a mom-of-two
'Actually done!' Ariel
Winter arrives to her
high school graduation
ceremony in form-fitting
nude dress
A landmark day for the
18-year-old actress
Kevin Hart has $500k
of possessions stolen
as thieves raid his LA
home while he's away in
Miami
Break-in at his Tarzana
home over the weekend
'Nothing makes me
happier': Alyssa Milano
reunites with Who's The
Boss? co-star Judith
Light... 24 years after
the show ended
Catching up
No show: Mets pitcher
Bartolo Colon skips
court hearing over
dispute with once-secret
ex-girifriend and their
two love children
Share or comment on this article
Sponsored Links by Taboola
I've embraced the
Bi/Queer label lately:
Matilda star Mara Wilson
reveals her sexuality on
Twitter
Also starred in Mrs
Doubtfire
Prettiest delivery girl
ever! Makeup-free Heidi
Klum, 43, carries three
large coffees in NYC
after revealing beau Vito
gifted her 10 dozen red
Need Business Capital? Get
Unsecured Loans in 24 hours
Snapcap.com
These Rare Historical Photos
That Will Leave You
Speechless
History Fanatic
What Marcia Brady Looks
Like Now Is Incredible
Definition
Sizzling Katie Holmes
gives a rare glimpse at
her sultry side as she
poses nude in gorgeous
throwback snaps from
jewelry campaign
She is 37
A Givenchy girl! Model
Lily Aldridge steps out in
$1,250 designer
SWEATSHIRT as she
shows off slim legs in
NYC
Victoria's Secret Angel
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1361039/Prince-Andrew-girl-17-sex-offender-friend-flew-Britain-meet-him.html
8/34


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page10 of 648
EXHIBIT B


6/15/2016
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page11 of 648
Bill Clinton and the 15-year-old 'masseuse': 1 met him twice, claims Epstein's girl | Daily Mail Online
Daily Ilail
Home| U.K.
News
Latest Headlines
Sports | U.S. Showbiz | Australia | Femail | Health | Science | Money | Video | Travel | Columnists
World News
Arts
Headlines Pictures Mostresd Nows Board Wires
Login
Teenage girl recruited by paedophile Jeffrey
Epstein reveals how she twice met Bill
Clinton
By SHARON CHURCHER and POLLY DUNBAR FOR MAILONLINE
UPDATED: 19:53 EST, 5 March 2011
24
View comments
As a New Yorker from humble beginnings, Jeffrey Epstein played on his blue-collar credentials and
enormous wealth to extend tentacles of influence throughout America's liberal political elite.
During the outcry over the Epstein case, it emerged that another man with a notorious appetite for
young women, Bill Clinton, travelled with Epstein to a number of destinations, including three times
on the billionaire's private aircraft.
on one occasion, Epstein few the former President, Hollywood actor and staunch Democrat Kevir
spacey and another actor friend of Mr Clinton's, Chris Tucker, to Africa, to 'discuss AIDS policy'
Claims: Virginia Roberts says she twice met ex-president Bill Clinton, pictured last month, but was never 'tent
out"
Epstein, who has donated more than £75,000 over the years to candidates from the Democratic
Party, also flew with Mr Clinton in November 2003 to destinations including Russia, Oslo, Hong
Kong, Shanghai and Beijing.
Yet Virginia Roberts stresses that she was never 'lent out' to Mr Clinton.
On one occasion, she adds, Epstein did invite two young brunettes to a dinner which he gave on his
Caribbean island for Mr Clinton shortly after he left office. But, as far as she knows, the ex-President
did not take the bait.
'I'd have been about 17 at the time,' she says. 'I flew to the Caribbean with Jeffrey and then
Ghislaine Maxwell went to pick up Bill in a huge black helicopter that Jeffrey had bouaht her.
SHARE THIS
ARTICLE
RELATED ARTICLES
FBi to reopen case
Epstein's Girl Friday
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1363452/Bill-Clinton-15-year-old-masseuse-1-met-twice-claims-Epsteins-girl.html
1/31


6/15/2016
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page12 of 648
Case 1:15 c4097a98 FDment digical B6M3/9 Dog SoP 5
against sax offender
'fixer': Dead tycoon's
Cambridge can't
friend of Prince...
daughter...
contain her excitement
as her horse wins at
Royal Ascot races
Whooped and cheered
'She'd always wanted to fly and Jeffrey paid for her to take lessons, and 1 remember she was very
excited because she got her licence around the first year we met.
'I used to get frightened flying with her but Bill had the Secret Service with him and I remember him
talking about what a good job she did.
'I only ever met Bill twice but Jeffrey had told me that they were good friends.
'I asked, "How come?" and he laughed and said, "He owes me some favours." Maybe he was just
joking but it constantly surprised me that people with as much to lose as Bill and [Prince] Andrew
weren't more careful.
Bill must have known about Jeffrey's girls. There were three desks in the living area of the villa on
the island.
Speaking out: Virginia, now aged 26, in her new home in Australia
They were covered with pictures of Jeffrey shaking hands with famous people and photos of naked
girls, including one of me that Jeffrey had at all his houses, lying in a hammock.
We all dined together that night. Jeffrey was at the head of the table. Bill was at his left. I sat across
from him. Emmy Tayler, Ghislaine's blonde British assistant, sat at my right.
Ghislaine was at Bill's left and at the left of Ghislaine there were two olive-skinned brunettes who'd
flown in with us from New York.
"I'd never met them before. I'd say they were no older than 17, very innocent-looking.
They weren't there for me. They weren't there for Jeffrey or Ghislaine because I was there to have
sex with Jeffrey on the trip.
Maybe Jefirey thought they would entertain Bill, but I saw no evidence that he was interested in
them. He and Jeffrey and Ghislaine seemed to have a very good relationship. Bill was very funny.
'He made me laugh a few times. And he and
'Bill must have known about
Jeffrey and Ghislaine told blokey jokes and the
brunettes listened politely and giggled.
Jeffrey's girls. There were three
'After dinner I gave Jeffrey an erotic massage. I
desks in the living area of the
don't remember seeing Bill again on the trip but
villa on the island... covered with
I assume Ghislaine flew him back.'
photos of naked girls'
According to prison records, when Epstein was
serving his jail term, his visitors included a long-
time - and highly controversial - Clinton acquaintance, Arnold Prosperi.
"In the final hours of the Clinton presidency, in January 2001, Prosperi was facing three years in
prison after being convicted of tax fraud. Mr Clinton commuted his sentence to house arrest.
'Clinton, Prosperi and Epstein make an odd threesome on the face of it, says a law enforcement
source.
Was Prosperi visiting Epstein as some kind of intermediary for Bill?
'Maybe Bill wanted to know if Epstein knew anything that could embarrass him. Or did Bill commute
Prosperi's sentence as some kind of favour
for Epstein?'
Virginia disclosed that Mr Clinton's vice-president Al Gore and his wife, Tipper, were also guests of
Epstein on his island.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1363452/Bill-Clinton-15-year-odmasseuse-l-met-twice-claims-Epsteins-girl.html
CAME Nicole
Brown Simpson DID
have an affair with OJ's
best friend Marcus Allen
- and OJ 'threatened to
kill her if she saw him
again... one month
before her death'
I've been doing him
forever:" Awkward
moment Sonja Morgan
discovers Luann de
Lesseps' 'soul mate' is
her old 'hook up'
Thomas D'Agostino
She really IS a lady in
waiting! Amelia Windsor
- Tatler's most beautiful
royal - swaps high
glamour for
WAITRESSING as she
helps out at a launch
New beau? Ashley
Olsen, 30, is
romantically linked to
artist George Condo, 59,
after they are spotted
'looking romantic' at
NYC's Mercer Hotel
Dad bod! Adam
Sandler, 49, shows off
his naked chest while
wrapped in towel during
Miami vacation with his
wife of 13 years
Couple looked blissful
Kim Kardashian's
naked ambition is laid
bare again as she strips
off to celebrate her post-
baby body with GO
cover
Gave birth in December
Kake-gate! Kim
Kardashian tries to
cheat on family cake
makers Hansen's by
asking her followers for
now bakery
recommendations
"worked my a"* off!':
Kim Kardashian spills
secrets to losing 60lbs
after pregnancy as she
admits bam gym
sessions and 'militant
diet" did trick
Advertisement
-Ok: pass my 1
0 at ere that
2131


6/15/2016
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 13 of 648
Case 1:150407#33 Fuguesent tittierce 0663/5 Dage Slip 5
O AFP Getty Images
Guests: Virginia says she also met former Vice President Al Gore, pictured right with Mr Clinton
Last summer, the Gores abruptly announced that they were ending their supposedly fairytale
marriage and, just weeks later, it emerged that Mr Gore - the famously sanctimonious global-
warming disciple - had been accused of trying to force sex on a woman with whom he had booked a
therapeutic massage at an Oregon hotel.
'I had no clue that anything was up, Virginia says. 'The Gores seemed like a beautiful couple when I
met them. All I knew was that Mr Gore was a friend of Jeffrey's and Ghislaine's. Jeffrey didn't ask me
to give him a massage.
There might have been a couple of other girls there on that trip but I could never have imagined this
guy would do anything wrong. I was planning to vote for him when I turned 18. I thought he was
awesome.'
Virginia said that yet another American liberal icon, President Obama's Middle East peace envoy
Senator George Mitchell, frequently visited Epstein's New York residence.
Mr Mitchell, aged 77 - who previously led America's Northern Ireland peace initiative - 'was very
close to Jeffrey, Virginia recalled. 'He is very clean-cut. You wouldn't think of him being part of
Jeffrey's crew.'
'We just want them to
have a normal life':
Blake Lively reveals her
parenthood plans now
that baby no.2 is on its
way and why she fell in
love with Ryan
Reynolds
Back to work! Miley
Cyrus and Liam
Hemsworth temporarily
go their separate ways...
after very public dinner
date in NYC
@ Michore Tounp
Scandal: U.S. authorities want to interview Jeffrey Epstein (left) and may wish to quiz his friend, Prince Andrew
Epstein's contacts book contains a work and a home telephone number for the senator.
Another acquaintance was Israel defence secretary Ehud Barak, whose spokesman told The Mail
on Sunday: 'Mr Barak did attend several small functions in Mr Epstein's home in New York that were
usually attended by leading businessman, university presidents, Nobel Prize Laureates and
prominent public figures'
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1363452/Bill-Clinton-15-year-od-masseuse-l-met-twice-claims-Epsteins-girl.html
ivanka Trump shares
morning snap of baby
Theo watching her get
ready as she admits in
that she wakes up at
5:30am and goes to
work with her hair wet
They could be sisters!
Princess Mary of
Denmark and Duchess
of Cambridge look
strikingly similar as they
enjoy a catch up at
Royal Ascot
Brooke Shields'
stalker GRINS walking
into court with trial
entering third day after
judge hears actress's
tearful testimony about
man coming to her
home
Mixing business with
pleasure! Bodysuit-clad
EJ Johnson gets in
some retail therapy
before filming his yet to.
air New York reality
show
Seth Myers 'bans'
Trump from appearing
on NBC's Late Night
3/31


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page14 of 648
Epstein's many Hollywood pals include Matt Groening, creator of The Simpsons.
'Jeffrey once had me give Matt a foot massage when he was flying on the jet with us, Virginia says.
'He laughed and did drawings of Bart and Homer for my little brother and my dad.
I also met Naomi Campbell at a birthday party of hers on a yacht in the South of France. She is a
friend of Ghislaine's but she was a real bitch to me.
'She was very fake. She turned away from me when we were introduced by Ghislaine and Jeffrey.
Donald Trump was also a good friend of Jeffrey's. He didn't partake in sex with any of us but he
flirted with me. He'd laugh and tell Jeffrey, "You've got the life."
Palm Beach Police say Epstein seemed utterly unfazed by the allegations against him when they
began their long and detailed investigation.
wasn't going to come on
'Jeffrey's crew: Middle East peace envoy George Mitchell, right, pictured with President Barack Obama and
U.S. Secretary of State Hilary Clinton, frequently visited Epstein¿s New York residence, Virginia also claims
But he also took his defence very seriously indeed. Epstein engaged his friend, the Harvard law
professor Alan Dershowitz - whose celebrity clients have included Mike Tyson, Patty Hearst, Claus
von Bulow and O.J. Simpson - to run his legal defence
He also employed a firm of private investigators to investigate the backgrounds of the girls.
Detectives painstakingly built a case which they believed showed that Epstein systematically paid
teenage girls to recruit other teenage girls to his sex ring.
However, as the investigation continued, they found that Epstein's team had already spoken to key
witnesses, suggesting that the financier would reward those who helped him.
In addition, Epstein's defence team agreed to the unusual move of suggesting that the alleged
victims sue Epstein in the civil courts. The result was a plea bargain in which Epstein admitted a
single charge of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution - a deal which infuriated many police
officers who worked on the case.
More than 20 of Epstein's girls are said to have sued him for damages. At least 17 have settled out
Mr Clinton, Mr Gore and Mr Mitchell were all contacted about their friendship with Epstein bu
Share or comment on this article
Sponsored Links by Taboola
Yolanda Hadid QUITS
Real Housewives of
Beverly Hills to bring
back privacy' to her life
after dramatic season
that documented her
divorce and accusations
she was faking illness
Victoria Beckham
shows a hint of sideboob
and flash of leg as she
flaunts her sartorial
sass for cover of Vogue
Korea
Striking shoot
A mellow day! Rumer
Willis dresses down in a
grey maxi dress as she
hangs out with a friend
in West Hollywood
Taking a break from the
presidential campaign
Catherine Zeta-Jones'
daughter Carys is her
doppelgänger as the
pair arrive in London
with Michael Douglas
and son Dylan
Family trip
Stephen Colbert
compares Trump to a
NAZi as he draws a
swastika on chalkboard
while trying to 'figure
out Obama's response
to Orlando massacre
Grieving Adam Levine
is pictured playing golf
in first outing since
Christina Grimmie's
death.. after offering to
pay for the Voice star's
funeral
Does North West have
her own glam squad?
Kim Kardashian 'hires
daughter $5k a week
team including
hairstylist and
manicurist'
The smile's back!
Demi Lovato appears
happy at airport while
looking chic in olive coat
as she recovers from
Wilmer Valderrama
shock split
Wore classic combo
'I'm not killing off
Harrison Ford': Steven
Spielberg reveals he
won't end Indiana Jones'
life in next film as he
gives rare interview
Good news for Ford!
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1363452/Bill-Clinton-15-year-od-masseuse-1-met-twice-claims-Epstoins-girl.html
4/31


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page15 of 648
EXHIBIT C


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 16 of 648
PR Hub
Subscribe by Email...
Breaking News | Entertainment | Sports | Business | Politics | Science | Technology | Odd News | Health | Law
Share this
page
More
Statement on Behalf of Ghislaine
Maxwell
BY DEVONSHIRES SOLICITOKS, PRNE
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9. 2011
LONDON, March 10, 2011 - Ghislaine Maxwell denies the
various allegations about her
that have appeared recently in the media. These allegations
are all entirely
false.
It is unacceptable that letters sent by Ms Maxwell's legal
representatives to certain newspapers pointing out the truth
and asking tor
the allegations to be withdrawn have simply been ignored.
In the circumstances, Ms Maxwell is now proceeding to take
legal action against those newspapers
"I understand newspapers need stories to sell copies. It is
well known that certain newspapers live by the adage, "why
let the truth get
in the way of a good story." However, the allegations made
against me are
abhorrent and entirely untrue and I ask that they stop," said
Ghislaine
Maxwell.
"A number of newspapers have shown a complete lack of
accuracy
in their reporting of this story and a failure to carry out the
most
elementary investigation or any real due diligence. I am now
taking action to
clear my name," she said.
Media
ROSS COW
Acuity
Reputation
Tel:
+44-203-008-7790
Mob:
+44-7778-755-251
Email: ross@acuityreputation.com
Median, ac. +47: 465251, pai rosel 44-203-
acuityreputation.com
Filed under: Government and Policy, Law, Media
Tags: Devonshires Solicitors, London, March 10, United Kingdom
Mobile Business Management
for Small Business Owner
* Googh play
Older News
SM
TW T
FS
20 21 22 23 24 25 26
27 28
1 2 3
4
5
6 7 8
9 10 11 12
Lna Cah
hand adi
5743
GOVERNMENT AND POLICY MARCH 10
NEWS
NEWS
A Group Selects Frankfurt, Gennany 1
Tech Mahindra Opens:
~ European Headquart
lew Developmen
Centre in Bonn,
The First International Gateway to Afric
Conference in Geueva: Africa&apos;
Germany
Challenges Today and Tomorrow
Website Optimisation
Central or t Drive and Min and upport
. and Internet Marketing
From Weblin
UK Economic Growth
. Sir Paul McCartney
North East Lincolnshire Council
Supports BUAV
Employees&apos; Ideas Win Votes
Campaign to end Cruel
EXHIBIT
126
Giuffre
AGREN BLANDO REPORTING
5/3/16 KAM
GIUFFRE001067


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page17 of 648
EXHIBIT D


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page18 of 648
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 1 of 14
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2
v.
UNITED STATES
JANE DOE #3 AND JANE DOE #4's CORRECTED MOTION PURSUANT TO RULE 21
FOR JOINDER IN ACTION
COME NOW Jane Doe #3 and Jane Doe #4 (also referred to as "the new victims"), by and
through undersigned counsel, to file this motion pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 21
to join this action, on the condition that they not re-litigate any issues already litigated by Jane
Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 (also referred to as "the current victims"). The new victims have
suffered the same violations of their rights under the Crime Victims" Rights Act (CVRA) as the
current victims. Accordingly, they desire to join in this action to vindicate their rights as well.
Because the new victims will not re-litigate any issues previously litigated by the current victims
(and because they are represented by the same legal counsel as the current victims), the
Government will not be prejudiced if the Court grants the motion. The Court may "at any time"
add new parties to the action, Fed. R. Civ. P. 21. Accordingly, the Court should grant the
motion.'
FACTUAL BACKGROUND
'As minor victims of sexual offenses, Jane Doe #3 and Jane Doe #4 desire to proceed by
way of pseudonym for the same reasons that Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 proceeded in this
fashion. Counsel for the new victims have made their true identities known to the Government.
1
GIUFFRE 004288
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 19 of 648
Case 9:08-CV-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 2 of 14
As the Court is aware, more than six years ago, Jane Doe #1 filed the present action
against the Government, alleging a violation of her rights under the CVRA, 18 U.S.C. § 3771.
DE1. She alleged that Jeffrey Epstein had sexually abused her and that the United States had
entered into a secret non-prosecution agreement (NPA) regarding those crimes in violation of her
rights. At the first court hearing on the case, the Court allowed Jane Doe #2 to also join the
action. Both Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 specifically argued that the government had failed to
protect their CVRA rights (inter alia) to confer, to reasonable notice, and to be treated with
fairness. In response, the Government argued that the CVRA rights did not apply to Jane Doe #1
and Jane Doe #2 because no federal charges had ever been filed against Jeffrey Epstein.
The Court has firmly rejected the United States' position. In a detailed ruling, the Court
concluded that the CVRA extended rights to Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 even though federal
charges were never filed. DE 189. The Court explained that because the NPA barred
prosecution of crimes committed against them by Epstein, they had "standing" to assert
violations of the CVRA rights. Id. The Court deferred ruling on whether the two victims would
be entitled to relief, pending development of a fuller evidentiary record. Id.
Two other victims, who are in many respects similarly situated to the current victims,
now wish to join this action. The new victims joining at this stage will not cause any delay and
their joinder in this case is the most expeditious manner in which to pursue their rights. Because
the background regarding their abuse is relevant to the Court's assessment of whether to allow
them to join, their circumstances are recounted here briefly.
Jane Doe #3's Circumstances
2
GIUFFRE 004289
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page20 of 648
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 3 of 14
As with Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2, Jane Doe #3 was repeatedly sexually abused by
Epstein. The Government then concealed from Jane Doe #3 the existence of its NPA from Jane
Doe #3, in violation of her rights under the CVRA. If allowed to join this action, Jane Doe #3
would prove the following:
In 1999, Jane Doe #3 was approached by Ghislaine Maxwell, one of the main women
whom Epstein used to procure under-aged girls for sexual activities and a primary co-conspirator
in his sexual abuse and sex trafficking scheme. In fact, it became known to the government that
Maxwell herself regularly participated in Epstein's sexual exploitation of minors, including Jane
Doe #3. Maxwell persuaded Jane Doe #3 (who was then fifteen years old) to come to Epstein's
mansion in a fashion very similar to the manner in which Epstein and his other co-conspirators
coerced dozens of other children (including Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2). When Jane Doe #3
began giving Epstein a "massage," Epstein and Maxwell turned it into a sexual encounter, as
they had done with many other victims. Epstein then became enamored with Jane Doe #3, and
with the assistance of Maxwell converted her into what is commonly referred to as a "sex slave."
Epstein kept Jane Doe #3 as his sex slave from about 1999 through 2002, when she managed to
escape to a foreign country and hide out from Epstein and his co-conspirators for years. From
1999 through 2002, Epstein frequently sexually abused Jane Doe #3, not only in West Palm
Beach, but also in New York, New Mexico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, in international airspace on
his Epstein's private planes, and elsewhere.
Epstein also sexually trafficked the then-minor Jane Doe, making her available for sex to
politically-connected and financially-powerful people. Epstein's purposes in "lending" Jane Doe
(along with other young girls) to such powerful people were to ingratiate himself with them for
3
GIUFFRE 004290
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page21 of 648
Case 9:08-cV-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 4 of 14
business, personal, political, and financial gain, as well as to obtain potential blackmail
information.
One such powerful individual that Epstein forced then-minor Jane Doe #3 to have sexual
relations with was former Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz, a close friend of Epstein's
and well-known criminal defense attorney. Epstein required Jane Doe #3 to have sexual
relations with Dershowitz on numerous occasions while she was a minor, not only in Florida but
also on private planes, in New York, New Mexico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. In addition to
being a participant in the abuse of Jane Doe #3 and other minors, Deshowitz was an eye-witness
to the sexual abuse of many other minors by Epstein and several of Epstein's co-conspirators.
Dershowitz would later play a significant role in negotiating the NPA on Epstein's behalf.
Indeed, Dershowitz helped negotiate an agreement that provided immunity from federal
prosecution in the Southern District of Florida not only to Epstein, but also to any potential co-
conspirators of Epstein." NPA at 5. Thus, Dershowitz helped negotiate an agreement with a
provision that provided protection for himself against criminal prosecution in Florida for
sexually abusing Jane Doe #3. Because this broad immunity would have been controversial if
disclosed, Dershowitz (along with other members of Epstein's defense team) and the
Government tried to keep the immunity provision secret from all of Epstein's victims and the
general public, even though such secrecy violated the Crime Victims' Rights Act.
Ghislaine Maxwell was another person in Epstein's inner circle and a co-conspirator in
Epstein's sexual abuse. She was someone who consequently also appreciated the immunity
granted by the NPA for the crimes she committed in Florida. In addition to participating in the
sexual abuse of Jane Doe #3 and others, Maxwell also took numerous sexually explicit pictures
4
GIUFFRE 004291
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page22 of 648
Case 9:08-cV-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 5 of 14
of underage girls involved in sexual activities, including Jane Doe #3. She shared these
photographs (which constituted child pornography under applicable federal laws) with Epstein.
The Government is apparently aware of, and in certain instances possesses some of these
photographs.
Perhaps even more important to her role in Epstein's sexual abuse ring, Maxwell had
direct connections to other powerful individuals with whom she could connect Epstein. For
instance, one such powerful individual Epstein forced Jane Doe #3 to have sexual relations with
was a member of the British Royal Family, Prince Andrew (a/k/a Duke of York). Jane Doe #3
was forced to have sexual relations with this Prince when she was a minor in three separate
geographical locations: in London (at Ghislaine Maxwell's apartment), in New York, and on
Epstein's private island in the U.S. Virgin Islands (in an orgy with numerous other under-aged
girls). Epstein instructed Jane Doe #3 that she was to give the Prince whatever he demanded and
required Jane Doe #3 to report back to him on the details of the sexual abuse. Maxwell
facilitated Prince Andrew's acts of sexual abuse by acting as a "madame" for Epstein, thereby
assisting in internationally trafficking Jane Doe #3 (and numerous other young girls) for sexual
purposes.
Another person in Epstein's inner circle of friends (who becomes apparent with almost
no investigative effort) is Jean Luc Brunel. Epstein sexually trafficked Jane Doe #3 to Jean Luc
Brunel many times. Brunel was another of Epstein's closest friends and a regular traveling
companion, who had many contacts with young girls throughout the world. Brunel has been a
model scout for various modeling agencies for many years and apparently was able to get U.S.
passports for young girls to "work" as models. He would bring young girls (ranging to ages as
5
GIUFFRE 004292
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page23 of 648
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 6 of 14
young as twelve to the United States for sexual purposes and farm them out to his friends,
especially Epstein. Brunel would offer the girls "modeling" jobs. Many of the girls came from
poor countries or impoverished backgrounds, and he lured them in with a promise of making
good money. Epstein forced Jane Doe #3 to observe him, Brunel and Maxwell engage in illegal
sexual acts with dozens of underage girls. Epstein also forced Jane Doe #3 to have sex with
Brunel on numerous occasions, at places including Epstein's mansion in West Palm Beach, Little
St. James Island in the U.S. Virgin Islands (many including orgies that were comprised of other
underage girls), New York City, New Mexico, Paris, the south of France, and California.
Epstein also trafficked Jane Doe #3 for sexual purposes to many other powerful men,
including numerous prominent American politicians, powerful business executives, foreign
presidents, a well-known Prime Minister, and other world leaders. Epstein required Jane Doe #3
to describe the events that she had with these men so that he could potentially blackmail them.
The Government was well aware of Jane Doe #3 when it was negotiating the NPA, as it
listed her as a victim in the attachment to the NPA. Moreover, even a rudimentary investigation
of Jane Doe #3's relationship to Epstein would have revealed the fact that she had been
trafficked throughout the United States and internationally for sexual purposes. Nonetheless, the
Government secretly negotiated a non-prosecution agreement with Epstein precluding any
Federal prosecution in the Southern District of Florida of Epstein and his co-conspirators. As
with Jane Doe #1, and Jane Doe #2, the Government concealed the non-prosecution agreement
from Jane Doe #3 - all in violation of her rights under the CVRA - to avoid Jane Doe #3 from
raising powerful objections to the NPA that would have shed tremendous public light on Epstein
6
GIUFFRE 004293
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page24 of 648
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 7 of 14
and other powerful individuals and that would likely have been prevented it from being
concluded in the secretive manner in which it was.
Jane Doe #4's Circumstances
If permitted to join this action, Jane Doe #4 would allege, and could prove at trial, that
she has CVRA claims similar to those advanced by Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2, based on the
following:
As with the other Jane Does, Jane Doe #4 was repeatedly sexually abused by Epstein. In
or around the summer of 2002, Jane Doe #4, an economically poor and vulnerable sixteen-year-
old child, was told by another one of Epstein's underage minor sex abuse victims, that she could
make $300 cash by giving an old man a massage on Palm Beach. An acquaintance of Jane Doe
#4 (also a minor sexual abuse victim of Epstein) telephoned Epstein and scheduled Jane Doe #4
to go to Epstein's house to give him a massage. During that call, Epstein himself got on the
phone (a means of interstate communication) with Jane Doe #4, asking her personally to come to
his mansion in Palm Beach.
Jane Doe #4 then went to Epstein's mansion and was escorted upstairs to Epstein's large
bathroom by one of Epstein's assistants. Shortly thereafter Jeffrey Epstein emerged and lay face
down on the table and told Jane Doe #4 to start massaging him. Epstein asked Jane Doe #3 her
age and she told him she had recently turned sixteen. Epstein subsequently committed illegal
sexual acts against Jane Doe #4 on many occasions.
Epstein used a means of interstate communication (i.e., a cell phone) to arrange for these
sexual encounters. Epstein also frequently travelled in interstate commerce (i.e., on his personal
jet) for purposes of illegally sexually abusing Jane Doe #4.
7
GIUFFRE 004294
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page25 of 648
Case 9:08-cV-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 8 of 14
The acts Epstein committed against Jane Doe #4, constituted numerous federal sex
offenses, some of which do not carry a statute of limitations and thus are not time-barred. See 18
U.S.C. § 3283. And these offenses were the kinds of offenses that the Federal Bureau of
Investigation (FBI) and U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida were pursuing
in 2007. So far as Jane Doe #4 is aware, the U.S. Attorney's Office made no serious effort to
locate her. Instead, after identifying approximately forty separate underage sexually abused
victims, and apparently preparing a 53-page federal indictment and with full awareness of the
existence of many victims like Jane Doe #4 - unidentified and not interviewed - it entered into a
non-prosecution agreement barring prosecution of Epstein's federal crimes against these victims.
This is contrary to the Government's normal approach in prosecuting federal sex offenses. It
also violated Jane Doe #4's rights under the CVRA, including the fact that she had a
"reasonable" right to confer with the U.S. Attorney's Office before they entered into an
agreement with a sex offender barring prosecution of him for the crimes he committed against
her. 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(5).
MOTION FOR JOINDER
Jane Doe #3 and Jane Doe #4 now both move to join this action filed by Jane Doe #1 and
Jane Doe #2, pursuant to Rule 21 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Rule 21 provides that
"Io]n motion or on its own, the court may at any time, on just terms, add... a party." Rule 21
"grants the court broad discretion to permit a change in the parties at any stage of a litigation."
Ford v. Air Line Pilots Ass'n Int'l, 268 F. Supp. 2d 271, 295 (E.D.N.Y. 2003) (internal quotation
omitted). The new victims should be allowed to join the current victims in this action under Rule
21.
8
GIUFFRE 004295
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page26 of 648
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 9 of 14
The new victims will establish at trial that the Government violated their CVRA rights in
the same way as it violated the rights of the other victims. The new victims' participation in this
case is important because it appears that the Government intends to raise a factual defense that
somehow it did keep Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 properly informed of what was happening in
the criminal prosecution. Of course, if four victims all testify consistently that they were not
properly informed by the Government (as we believe they will), that provides a stronger case for
a CVRA violation.
In addition, Jane Doe #3 and Jane Doe #4's participation is relevant to a defense the
Court has allowed the Government to raise. The Court has previously ruled that the victims'
request for rescission of the NPA "implicates a fact-sensitive equitable defense which must be
considered in the historical factual context of the entire interface between Epstein, the relevant
prosecutorial
authorities and the federal offense victims- including an assessment of the
allegation of a deliberate conspiracy between Epstein and federal prosecutors to keep the victims
in the dark on the pendency of negotiations between Epstein and federal authorities until well
after the fact and presentation of the non-prosecution agreement to them as a fait accompli" DE
189 at 12 n.6 (emphasis added). Jane Doe #3's and Jane Doe #4's participation in this case will
help to show what the "entire interface" was between the Government and the victims and thus
to respond to the Government's estoppel arguments as well as other defenses that it appears to be
preparing to raise. See, e.g., DE 62 (52-page response from the Government to the victim's
summary judgment motion, raising numerous factually-based and other arguments against the
victim's position).
9
GIUFFRE 004296
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page27 of 648
Case 9:08-CV-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 10 of 14
Jane Doe #3's and Jane Doe #4's participation is also directly relevant to the discovery
disputes currently pending in this case. The Government has raised various relevancy objections
to the documents that Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 are attempting to obtain. The current
victims have responded by explaining how these documents are relevant, including explaining
how these documents might bear on the way in which Epstein used his powerful political and
social connections to secure a favorable plea deal, as well as provide proof of the Government's
motive to deliberately fail to investigate certain aspects of the victims' claims in an effort to
maintain the secrecy of the facts and resolve the case without the victims' knowledge. See, e.g.,
DE 266 at 6-10. Jane Doe #3 and Jane Doe #4's participation will help prove the relevancy of
these requests, as well as the need for those requests.
One clear example is Request for Production No. 8, which seeks documents regarding
Epstein's lobbying efforts to persuade the Government to give him a more favorable plea
arrangement and/or non-prosecution agreement, including efforts on his behalf by Prince
Andrew and former Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz. Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2
have alleged these materials are needed to prove their allegations that, after Epstein signed the
non-prosecution agreement, his performance was delayed while he used his significant social and
political connections to lobby the Justice Department to obtain a more favorable plea deal. See,
e.g., DE 225 at 7-8 (discussing DE 48 at 16-18). Jane Doe #3 has directly person knowledge of
Epstein's connection with some of these powerful people and thus how Epstein might have used
them to secure favorable treatment.
Adding two new victims to this case will not delay any of the proceedings. They will
simply join in motions that the current victims were going to file in any event. For example, the
10
GIUFFRE 004297
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page28 of 648
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 11 of 14
new victims will simply join in a single summary judgment motion that the current victims
anticipate filing after discovery has been completed.
Nor will adding the new victims prejudice the United States. As the court is aware, this
Court is still in its initial discovery stage. The Court is currently considering whether to reject
the Government's assertion of privilege over documents regarding the case. See DE 265
(victims' reassertion of objections to the Government privilege claims). The new victims do not
seek any additional discovery beyond that previously sought by the current victims.?
Accordingly, the United States will not be prejudiced or burdened by adding them to this case.
The CVRA does not contain any statute of limitations for filing an action to enforce
rights under the statute. Accordingly, were the Court to deny this motion, the result might be
that the new victims would then be forced to file a separate suit raising their claims, which would
then possibly proceed on a separate litigation track. Rather than require duplicative litigation,
the Court should simply grant their motion to join.
Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 support the joinder motion. Counsel for the victims have
discussed this motion with the Government at length in an effort to avoid any need to file a
substantive pleading on the issue. Counsel for the victims asked the Government during the
summer for its position on joinder.
The Government, however, took the matter under
advisement for months.
Ultimately, after
several inquiries from victims counsel, the
Government indicated without explanation that it opposes this motion. Counsel for the victims
has requested a meeting with the Government on this issue, which will hopefully occur in
2 Jane Doe #3 and Jane Doe #4 have asked the Government to provide them with the
record of their statements that they provided to the FBI. These FBI 302's should be only a few
pages long.
11
GIUFFRE 004298
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page29 of 648
Case 9:08-cV-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 12 of 14
January. In the meantime, however, counsel for the victims believe that it is no longer
appropriate to delay filing this motion and accordingly file it at this time. Because the
Government is apparently opposing this motion, Jane Doe #3 and Jane Doe #4 have described
the circumstances surrounding their claims so that the Court has appropriate information to rule
on the motion.
12
GIUFFRE 004299
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page30 of 648
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 13 of 14
CONCLUSION
Jane Doe #3 and Jane Doe #4 should be allowed to join this action, pursuant to Rule 21
of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Their joinder should be conditioned on the requirement
that they not re-litigate any issues previously litigated by Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2. A
proposed order to that effect is attached to this pleading.
DATED: January 2, 2015
Respectfully Submitted,
Is/ Bradley J. Edwards
Bradley J. Edwards
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING,
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L.
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
Telephone (954) 524-2820
Facsimile (954) 524-2822
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com
And
Paul G. Cassell
Pro Hac Vice
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the
University of Utah*
332 S, 1400 E.
Salt Lake City, UT 84112
Telephone: 801-585-5202
Facsimile: 801-585-6833
E-Mail: cassellp@law.utah.edu
Attorneys for Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2
* This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence
purposes only and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah
13
GIUFFRE 004300
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page31 of 648
Case 9:08-cV-80736-KAM Document 280 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/02/2015 Page 14 of 14
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
I certify that the foregoing document was served on January 2, 2015, on the following using
the Court's CM/ECF system:
Dexter Lee
A. Marie Villafaña
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
(561) 820-8711
Fax: (561) 820-8777
E-mail: Dexter.Lee@usdoj.gov
E-mail: ann.marie.c.villafana@usdoj.gov
Attorneys for the Government
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards
14
GIUFFRE 004301
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page32 of 648
EXHIBIT E


Case 9:08-cf38938-RAMP, Bocument 339, ERera on 7939338 kap83709i2B Page 1 of10
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
CASE NO.:08-CV-80736-KAM
JANE DOE 1 and JANE DOE 2,
Petitioners,
vS.
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
Respondent.
ORDER DENYING PETITIONERS' MOTION TO JOIN UNDER RULE 21 AND
MOTION TO AMEND UNDER RULE 15
This cause is before the Court on Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4's Corrected Motion
Pursuant to Rule 21 for Joinder in Action ("Rule 21 Motion") (DE 280), and Jane Doe 1 and Jane
Doe 2's Protective Motion Pursuant to Rule 15 to Amend Their Pleadings to Conform to
Existing Evidence and to Add Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 as Petitioners ("Rule 15 Motion") (DE
311). Both motions are ripe for review. For the following reasons, the Court concludes that they
should be denied
I. Background
This is an action by two unnamed petitioners, Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2, seeking to
prosecute a claim under the Crime Victims' Rights Act (CVRA), 18 U.S.C. § 3771. (DE 1).
Generally, they allege that the respondent Government violated their rights under the CVRA by
failing to consult with them before negotiating a non-prosecution agreement with Jeffrey Epstein,
who subjected them to various sexual crimes while they were minors. (Id.). Petitioners initiated
this action in July 2008. (Id.).
GIUFFRE002844


Case 9:08-cf38938-RAR, Bocument 323, 02/R8r3A1h 7{393B0ck3903709i21i Page 2 of 10
On December 30, 2014, two other unnamed victims, Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4, moved
to join as petitioners in this action pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 21. (DE 280).
Petitioners (Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2) support the Rule 21 Motion. (Id. at 11). Jane Doe 3 and
Jane Doe 4 argue that they "have suffered the same violations of their rights under the [CVRA]
as the" Petitioners, and they "desire to join in this action to vindicate their rights as well." (Id. at
1). The Government vehemently opposes joinder under Rule 21. (DE 290). The Government
argues that Rule 15 is the proper procedural device for adding parties to an action, not Rule 21.
(Id. at 1).
"[O]ut of an abundance of caution," Petitioners filed a motion to amend their petition
under Rule 15, conforming the petition to the evidence and adding Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 as
petitioners. (DE 311 at 2). The Government opposes the Rule 15 Motion as well. (DE 314).
Among other things, the Government argues that amending the petition to include Jane Doe 3
and Jane Doe 4 should be denied because of their undue delay in seeking to join the proceedings,
and the undue prejudice that amendment will cause. (Id.).
After considering the parties' submissions and the proposed amended petition, the Court
finds that justice does not require amendment in this instance and exercises its discretion to deny
the amendment.
II. Discussion
"The decision whether to grant leave to amend a complaint is within the sole discretion of
the district court." Laurie v. Ala. Ct. Crim. Apps., 256 F.3d 1266, 1274 (11th Cir. 2001). "The
court should freely give leave when justice so requires." Fed. R. Civ. P. 15(a)(2). Justice does
not require amendment in several instances, "includ[ing] undue delay, bad faith, dilatory motive
2
GIUFFRE002845


Case 9:08 cF389738-RAP, Bosument 322, 02/8/391 72393B0k39075091219 Page 3 of 10
on the part of the movant, .... undue prejudice to the opposing party by virtue of allowance of the
amendment, [and] futility of amendment.'" Laurie, 256 F.3d at 1274 (quoting Foman v. Davis,
371 U.S. 178, 182 (1962)). In addition to considering the effect of amendment on the parties, the
court must consider "the importance of the amendment on the proper determination of the merits
of a dispute." 6 Wright & Miller, Fed. Prac. & Fed. P. § 1488, p. 814 (3d ed. 2010). Justice does
not require amendment where the addition of parties with duplicative claims will not materially
advance the resolution of the litigation on the merits. See Herring v. Delta Air Lines, Inc., 894
F.2d 1020, 1024 (9th Cir. 1989).
A.
Rule 21 Motion
Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4's first attempt to join in this proceeding was brought under
Rule 21. (DE 280). "If parties seek to add a party under Rule 21, courts generally use the
standard of Rule 15, governing amendments to pleadings, to determine whether to allow the
addition." 12 Wright & Miller, Fed. Prac. & Fed. P., p. 432 (3d ed. 2013); see also Galustian v.
Peter, 591 F.3d 724, 729-30 (4th Cir. 2010) (collecting cases and noting that Rule 15(a) applies
to amendments seeking to add parties); Frank v. U.S. West, Inc., 3 F.3d 1357, 1365 (10th Cir.
1993) ("A motion to add a party is governed by Fed. R. Civ. P. 15(a) ....")
Rule 21, "Misjoinder and Non-joinder of Parties," provides the court with a tool for
correcting the "misjoinder" of parties that would otherwise result in dismissal. Fed. R. Civ. P
21. Insofar as Rule 21 "relates to the addition of parties, it is intended to permit the bringing in
of a person, who through inadvertence, mistake or for some other reason, had not been made a
party and whose presence as a party is later found necessary or desirable." United States v. Com.
Bank of N. Am., 31 F.R.D. 133, 135 (S.D.N.Y. 1962) (internal quotation marks omitted).
3
GIUFFRE002846


Case 9:08-08.88938-RAP, Bocument 33% 0/Re/391 7239330ck 90380912115
• Page 4 of 10
In their Rule 21 Motion, Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 do not claim that they were omitted
from this proceeding due to any "inadvertence" or "mistake" by Petitioners; rather, they seek to
join this proceeding as parties that could have been permissively joined in the original petition
under Rule 20 ("Permissive Joinder of Parties"). As courts generally use the standards of Rule
15 to evaluate such circumstances, the Court will consider the joinder issue as presented in the
Rule 15 Motion.! The Court will consider the arguments presented in the Rule 21 Motion as if
they are set forth in the Rule 15 Motion as well. Because the arguments are presented in the Rule
15 Motion (and because the Court is denying the Rule 15 Motion on its merits, as discussed
below), the Rule 21 Motion will be denied.
The Court also concludes that portions of the Rule 21 Motion
and related
filings
should be stricken from the record. Pending for this Court's consideration is a Motion
for Limited Intervention filed by Alan M. Dershowitz, who seeks to intervene to "strike the
outrageous and impertinent allegations made against him and [to] request[] a show cause order to
the attorneys that have made them." (DE 282 at 1). The Court has considered Mr. Dershowitz's
arguments, but it finds that his intervention is unnecessary as Federal Rule of Civil Procedure
12(f) empowers the Court "on its own" to "strike from a pleading an insufficient defense or any
redundant, immaterial, impertinent, or scandalous matter." Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(f).
Petitioners' Rule 21 Motion consists of relatively little argumentation regarding why the
Court should permit them to join in this action: they argue that (1) they were sexually abused by
1 The Court notes that, regardless of which motion it considers, the same standard
governs the addition of parties under Rule 21 and Rule 15. See Goston v. Potter, No. 08-cv-478
FJS ATB, 2010 WL 4774238, at *5 (N.D.N.Y. 2010) (citing Bridgeport Music, Inc. v. Universal
Music Grp., Inc., 248 F.R.D. 408, 412 (S.D.N.Y. 2008)).
4
GIUFFRE002847


Case 9:08-cf98938-RAf, Bocument 339 9/Re/391 7239330ck 90370912115
• Page 5 of 10
Jeffrey Epstein, and (2) the Government violated their CVRA rights by concealing the non-
prosecution agreement with them. (DE 280 at 3; see id. at 7-8). However, the bulk of the Rule
21 Motion consists of copious factual details that Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 "would prove" "Ti]f
allowed to join this action." (Id. at 3, 7). Specifically, Jane Doe 3 proffers that she could prove
the circumstances under which a non-party introduced her to Mr. Epstein, and how Mr. Epstein
sexually trafficked her to several high-profile non-party individuals, "including numerous
prominent American politicians, powerful business executives, foreign presidents, a well-known
Prime Minister, and other world leaders." (Id. at 3-6). She names several individuals, and she
offers details about the type of sex acts performed and where they took place. (See id. at 5)?
At this juncture in the proceedings, these lurid details are unnecessary to the
determination of whether Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 should be permitted to join Petitioners'
claim that the Government violated their rights under the CVRA. The factual details regarding
with whom and where the Jane Does engaged in sexual activities are immaterial and impertinent
to this central claim (i.e., that they were known victims of Mr. Epstein and the Government owed
them CVRA duties), especially considering that these details involve non-parties who are not
related to the respondent Government. These unnecessary details shall be stricken.
The original Rule 21 Motion (DE 279) shall be stricken in its entirety, as it is wholly
superseded by the "corrected" version of the Rule 21 Motion (DE 280). From the corrected Rule
21 Motion, the Court shall strike all factual details regarding Jane Doe 3 between the following
sentences: "The Government then concealed from Jane Doe #3 the existence of its NPA from
" Jane Doe 4's proffer is limited to sexual acts between Mr. Epstein and herself. (See DE
280 at 7-8).
5
GIUFFRE002848


Case 9:08 cF389738-RAP, Bosument 372, 02/8/391 72393B0k3903709121 Page 6 of 10
Jane Doe #3, in violation of her rights under the CVRA" (id. at 3); and "The Government was
well aware of Jane Doe #3 when it was negotiating the NA, as it listed her as a victim in the
attachment to the NPA" (id. at 6). As none of Jane Doe 4's factual details relate to non-parties,
the Court finds it unnecessary to strike the portion of the Rule 21 Motion related to her
circumstances. Regarding the Declaration in support of Petitioners' response to Mr.
Dershowitz's motion to intervene (DE 291-1), the Court shall strike paragraphs 4, 5, 7, 11, 13,
15, 19 through 53, and 59, as they contain impertinent details regarding non-parties. Regarding
the Declaration of Jane Doe 3 in support of the Rule 21 Motion (DE 310-1), the Court shall strike
paragraphs 7 through 12, 16, 39, and 49, as they contain impertinent details regarding non-
parties. Jane Doe 3 is free to reassert these factual details through proper evidentiary proof,
should Petitioners demonstrate a good faith basis for believing that such details are pertinent to a
matter presented for the Court's consideration.
As mentioned, Mr. Dershowitz moves to intervene "for the limited purposes of moving to
strike the outrageous and impertinent allegations made against him and requesting a show cause
order to the attorneys that have made them." (DE 282 at 1). As the Court has taken it upon itself
to strike the impertinent factual details from the Rule 21 Motion and related filings, the Court
concludes that Mr. Derschowitz's intervention in this case is unnecessary. Accordingly, his
motion to intervene will be denied as moot.? Regarding whether a show cause order should
3 This also moots Mr. Dershowitz's Motion for Leave to File Supplemental Reply in
Support of Motion for Limited Intervention. (DE 317). Denying Mr. Dershowitz's motion to
intervene also renders moot Petitioners' motion (DE 292) to file a sealed document supporting its
response to Mr. Dershowitz's motion. It will accordingly be denied as moot, and DE 293 (the
sealed response) will be stricken from the record.
6
GIUFFRE002849


Case 9:08-cf38938-RARi, Bocument 323, 02/8/391 7239330k3903709121 Page 7 of 10
issue, the Court finds that its action of striking the lurid details from Petitioners' submissions is
sanction enough. However, the Court cautions that all counsel are subject to Rule 11's mandate
that all submissions be presented for a proper purpose and factual contentions have evidentiary
support, Fed. R. Civ. P. 11(b)(1) and (3), and that the Court may, on its own, strike from any
pleading "any redundant, immaterial, impertinent, or scandalous matter," Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(f).
B.
Rule 15 Motion
Between their two motions (the Rule 21 Motion and Rule 15 Motion), Jane Doe 3 and
Jane Doe 4 assert that "they desire to join in this action to vindicate their rights [under the
CVRA] as well." (DE 280 at 1). Although Petitioners already seek the invalidation of Mr.
Epstein's non-prosecution agreement on behalf of all "other similarly-situated victims" (DE 189
at 1; DE 311 at 2, 12, 15, 18-19), Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 argue that they should be fellow
travelers in this pursuit, lest they "be forced to file a separate suit raising their claims" resulting
in "duplicative litigation" (DE 280 at 11). The Court finds that justice does not require adding
new parties this late in the proceedings who will raise claims that are admittedly "duplicative" of
the claims already presented by Petitioners.
The Does' submissions demonstrate that it is entirely unnecessary for Jane Doe 3 and
Jane Doe 4 to proceed as parties in this action, rather than as fact witnesses available to offer
relevant, admissible, and non-cumulative testimony. (See, e.g., DE 280 at 2 (Jane Doe 3 and
Jane Doe 4 "are in many respects similarly situated to the current victims"), 9 ("The new victims
will establish at trial that the Government violated their CVRA rights in the same way as it
violated the rights of the other victims."), 10 (Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 "will simply join in
motions that the current victims were going to file in any event."), 11 (litigating Jane Doe 3 and
7
GIUFFRE002850


Case 9:08 cF389738-RAP, Bosument 322, 02/8/391 72393฿0 k3984Po9i21 Page 8 of 10
Jane Doe 4's claims would be "duplicative"); DE 298 at 1 n.1 ("As promised ... Jane Doe No. 3
and Jane Doe No. 4 do not seek to expand the number of pleadings filed in this case. If allowed
to join this action, they would simply support the pleadings already being filed by Jane Doe No. 1
and Jane Doe No. 2."); DE 311 at 5 n.3 ("[A]Il four victims (represented by the same legal
counsel) intend to coordinate efforts and avoid duplicative pleadings."), 15 (Jane Doe 3 and Jane
Doe 4 "challenge the same secret agreement i.e., the NPA that the Government executed with
Epstein and then concealed from the victims. This is made clear by the proposed amendment
itself, in which all four victims simply allege the same general facts.")). As the Does argue at
length in their Rule 15 Motion, Jane Doe I's original petition "specifically allege[s] that the
Government was violating not only her rights but the rights of other similarly-situated victims."
(DE 311 at 2). The Court fails to see why the addition of "other similarly-situated victims" is
now necessary to "vindicate their rights as well." (DE 280 at 1).
Of course, Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 can participate in this litigated effort to vindicate
the rights of similarly situated victims there is no requirement that the evidentiary proof
submitted in this case come only from the named parties. Petitioners point out as much, noting
that, regardless of whether this Court grants the Rule 15 Motion, "they will call Jane Doe No. 3
as a witness at any trial." (DE 311 at 17 n.7). The necessary "participation" of Jane Doe 3 and
Jane Doe 4 in this case can be satisfied by offering their properly supported and relevant,
admissible, and non-cumulative
testimony as needed, whether through testimony at trial
(see DE 280 at 9) or affidavits submitted to support the relevancy of discovery requests* (see
* The non-party Jane Does clearly understand how to submit affidavits. (See DEs 291-1,
310-1).
8
GIUFFRE002851


Case 9:08 cF389738-RAP, Bosument 322, 02/8/391 72393฿0 k390470912115 Page 9 of 10
id. at 10). Petitioners do not contend that Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4's "participation in this
case" can only be achieved by listing them as parties.
As it stands under the original petition, the merits of this case will be decided based on a
determination of whether the Government violated the rights of Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and all
"other similarly situated victims" under the CVRA. Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 may offer
relevant, admissible, and non-cumulative evidence that advances that determination, but their
participation as listed parties is not necessary in that regard. See Herring, 894 F.2d at 1024
(District court did not abuse its discretion by denying amendment where "addition of more
plaintiffs .... would not have affected the issues underlying the grant of summary judgment."); cf.
Arthur v. Stern, 2008 WL 2620116, at *7 (S.D. Tex. 2008) (Under Rule 15, "courts have held
that leave to amend to assert a claim already at issue in [another lawsuit] should not be granted if
the same parties are involved, the same substantive claim is raised, and the same relief is
sought."). And, as to Jane Doe 4 at least, adding her as a party raises unnecessary questions
about whether she is a proper party to this action.'
Petitioners also admit that amending the petition to conform to the evidence by
including references to the non-prosecution agreement itself is "unnecessary" as the "existing
petition is broad enough to cover the developing evidence in this case." (DE 311). The Court
5 The Court expresses no opinion at this time whether any of the attestations made by
Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 in support of their motion will be relevant, admissible, and non-
cumulative.
• The Government contends that Jane Doe 4 is not a true "victim" in this case because
she was not known at the time the Government negotiated the non-prosecution agreement, and
accordingly she was not entitled to notification rights under the CVRA. (See DE 290 at 10).
Any "duplicative" litigation filed by Jane Doe 4 would necessarily raise the issue of whether she
has standing under the CVRA under these circumstances.
9
GIUFFRE002852


Case 9:08-cv 88936°KÅf, Bacument 324, 2Kłrebi: 4938238ck994372618
Page 10 of 10
agrees, and it concludes that justice does not require amending the petition this late in the
proceedings.
Ill. Conclusion
Accordingly, it is hereby ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: the Rule 21 Motion
(DE 280) is DENIED; the Rule 15 Motion (DE 311) is DENIED; Intervenor Dershowitz's
Motion for Limited Intervention (DE 282) and Motion for Leave to File Supplemental Reply in
Support of Motion for Limited Intervention (DE 317) are DENIED AS MOOT; Petitioners'
Motion to Seal (DE 292) is DENIED AS MOOT; the following materials are hereby
STRICKEN from the record:
•
DE 279, in its entirety.
•
DE 280, all sentences between the following sentences:
"The Government then concealed from Jane Doe #3 the
existence of its NPA from Jane Doe #3, in violation of her
rights under the CVRA" (DE 280 at 3); and "The
Government was well aware of Jane Doe #3 when it was
negotiating the NPA, as it listed her as a victim in the
attachment to the NPA" (DE 280 at 6).
DE 291-1, paragraphs 4, 5, 7, 11, 13, 15, 19 through 53,
and 59.
DE 310-1, paragraphs 7 through 12, 16, 39, and 49.
DE 293, in its entirety.
DONE AND ORDERED in chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County,
Florida, this 6" day of April, 2015.
KENNETH A. MARRA
United States District Judge
10
GIUFFRE002853


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page43 of 648
EXHIBIT F


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page44 of 648
From: <ross@acuityreputation.com>
Date: 2 January 2015 at 20:38
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell
To: Rossacuity Gow <ross@acuityreputation.com>
bcc: martin.robinson@mailonline.co.uk.
P.Peachey@independent.co.uk,
nick.sommerlad@mirror.co.uk,
david.brown@thetimes.co.uk
nick.alway@bbc.co.uk.
jo-anne.pugh@bbc.co.uk
To Whom It May Concern,
Please find attached a quotable statement on behalf of Ms Maxwell.
No further communication will be provided by her on this matter.
Thanks for your understanding.
Best
Ross
Ross Gow
ACUITY Reputation
Jane Doe 3 is Virginia Roberts - so not a new individual. The allegations made by Victoria
Roberts against Ghislaine Maxwell are untrue. The original allegations are not new and have
been fully responded to and shown to be untrue.
Each time the story is re told it changes with new salacious details about public figures and
world leaders and now it is alleged by Ms Roberts that Alan Derschowitz is involved in having
sexual relations with her, which he denies.
Ms Roberts claims are obvious lies and should be treated as such and not publicised as news, as
they are defamatory.
Ghislaine Maxwell's original response to the lies and defamatory claims remains the same.
Maxwell strongly denies allegations of an unsavoury nature, which have appeared in the British
press and elsewhere and reserves her right to seek redress at the repetition of such old
defamatory claims.
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device
PENGAD 800-631-698
EXHIBIT
Maxwell 10
4.22-16 LF
GM_00068


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page45 of 648
EXHIBIT G


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page46 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUSTICE
QUEEN'S BENCH DIVISION
Claim No. CR 2016-624
BETWEEN:
VIRGINIA I. GIUFFRE
- and -
ROSS GOW,
Applicant,
Respondent.
AND :
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
Virginia I. Giuffre,
Plaintiff,
V.
Ghislaine Maxwell,
Defendant.
------
Case No. 15-CV-07433-RWS
Friday, November 18, 2016
AT: 8:27 a.m.
Taken at:
Essex Chambers 29,
81 Chancery Lane,
London, UK, WCZA IDD
Court Reporter: Lisa Barrett, Accredited Real-time
Reporter
DII Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page47 of 648
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
APP
EARANCE S:
Page 2
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Appearing for the Plaintiff:
MEREDITH L. SCHULTZ, ESQ.
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale,
FL
33301
DAVID TURNER,
ESQ.
BOIES, SCHILLER S
FLEXNER (UK) LLP
25 Old Broad Street
London, UK
ECZN
1HQ
counsel for Defendant, Ghislaine Maxwoll:
LAURA A. MENNIGER, P.C.
HADDON, MORGAN and FOREMAN,
P.C.
150 East Tenth Avenue
Denver, CO 80203
Counsel
for Defendant
(witness) :
Ross Neil Sutherland Gow
RICHARD SPEARMAN, l.C.
PHILIP BARDEN,
DEVONSHIRES SOLICITORS LLP
30 Finsbury Circus, London
EC2M 7DT, UK
Examiner:
ALLEN DYER,
4 Pump Court
Temple, London,
DX 303
LDE
EC4Y 7AN
DII Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page48 of 648
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
WIINESS INDEX
Page 3
1
2
Witness
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW (sworn) ..
Examination by Ms. Schultz
Examination by Ms. Menninger .
Re-examination by Ms. Schultz
.....
•
•...
•
•
•
No.
2
3
EXHIBII INDEX
Description
consent order before Master Fontaing
Email from ross@acuityreputation.com to
Ross@acuity.com, bad:
Martin.robinson@mailonline.co.uk,
p.Peachy@indepedent.co.uk,
Nick.sommep/andamirror.co.uk,
david.brownathetimes.co.uk,
Nick.alway@bbc.co.uk,
Jo-anne.pugh@bbc.co.uk,
dated 2 January 2015,
Bates No.
GM_00068
Email from James Ball to Ross Gow,
dated 1 January 2015,
Bates No. RG (UK) _ 000002
Page
10
10
117
119
Page
11
13
30
DII Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page49 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
Page 4
No.
4
5
6
7
8
9
EXHIBIT INDEX
Description
Email from Ross Gow to G Max,
co Brian Basham, dated January 2, 2015,
Bates No. GM_01043-44
Email from ross@acuityreputation.com
to G Max, sent Friday, January 2, 2015,
Ew: The Times - David Brown, Bates No.
GM_01038-39
Email from ross@acuityreputation.com
to G Max,
sent Friday,
January 2,
2015, Subject: Agreed copy,
Bates Nos. GM_01036-37
Email from ross@acuityreputation.com
to G Max,
sent
Friday, January 2,
2015, subject.
Re: Agreed copy,
Bates
No.
GM_01040-01041
Email
from ross@acuityreputation.com,
dated Friday, January 2, 2015,
To: G Max, Bates No. GM_01042
Email from ross@acuityreputation.com,
dated 2 January 2015, Io: G Max
gmax1@ellmax.com, Cc: Philip
Barden, philip.barden@devonshires.co.uk,
Bates Nos. RG (UK) _00009
DII Court Reporting Solutions - New York
Page
35
37
38
40
42
44
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page50 of 648
Page 5
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
No.
10
11
12
13
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
EXHIBIT INDEX
Description
Email from gmax1@ellmax.com, sent:
Saturday January 10, 2015,
To Philip Barden; Ross Gow,
Bates GM_01060-68
Email chain, latest in time from
G Maxwell to J Jep,
sent
Sunday, January 11, 2015, Bates Nos.
GM
101069-72
Email chain, latest in time from
E Jeffrey jeevacation@gmail.com,
dated Sunday, January 11, 2015,
7:15 a.m.,
to @ Maxwel1, Bates
Nos. GM_01076-77
Email chain, Latest in time from
Jeffrey E jeevacation@gmail.com,
sent Wednesday, January 21, 2015
4:47 p.m. To: G Maxwell, Bates
Nos. GM_01088-90
Page
50
54
60
65
DI Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page51 of 648
Page 6
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
No.
14
15
16
17
18
19
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
EXHIBIT INDEX
Description
Email chain, latest in time from
Nick Sommerlad, dated 2 January 2015,
21:45, To ross@acuityreputation.com
Bates Nos. RG (UK)
_ 000004, one page
Email from Ross Gow dated Saturday,
3 January 2015, To David Mercer, Bates Nos.
RG (UK) _000005-08
Email string from Ross Gow to
G Max;
Philip Barden, dated Tues,
February 24, 2015, Bates Nos.
GM_00577 - one page
Email from G Maxwell
to Ross Gow,
dated Thurs February 26, 2015,
Bates Nos.
GM_00578
Email
from Ross Gow to G Maxwell,
dated Thursday, February 26, 2015,
Bates Nos. GM_00579
Email from Ross
Gow
to G Max;
Philip Barden, dated Wednesday,
April 8, 2015, Bates Nos. GM_00580
Page
68
71
73
75
77
78
DTI Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page52 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
EXHIBIT INDEX
Description
Page 7
No.
20
Pager
79
21
22
23
24
25
26
Email from G Max to Ross Gow;
Philip Barden, dated Wednesday,
May 6, 2015, Bates Nos. GM_0058384
Email chain, latest in time from
Ross Gow to G Maxwell; Philip Barden,
dated Wednesday, May 6, 2015, Bates Nos.
GM_00585-587
Email from Ross Gow to Scott Adam,
dated Wednesday, May 6, 2015,
Bates No. GM_09589-590
Website print
out Bates No.
GUIFFRE008453
website printout,
Bates Nos.
GUIEFRE008454-455 - two pages
Email Exom Ross Gow to G Max,
Philip Barden, Bates Nos. GM_00594
Website screenshot printout of
Acuity Reputation - two pages
81
82
82
93
100
109
DTI Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page53 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
Page 8
PROCEEDINGS
THE VIDEOGRAPHER: Here begins video card
number 1, volume I, in the video deposition of Ross Gow.
This is taken in the matter of Virgina Guiffre
and Ross Gow.
This is being heard in the High Court of
Justice, Queen's Bench Division, Senior Master, claim
number CR-21016-624.
Today's date is November 18, 2016. The time on
the video screen is 08:26 a.m., local țime in London.
The video operator today is Phillip Hill from
DTI Court Reporting Solutions.
The court reporter
is
Lisa Barrett from DTI
Court Reporting Solutions.
This video deposition is taking place a the
Essex Chambers in London,
I will now hand over the proceedings to the
Examiner
Thank you, sir.
MR. DYER:
Would counsel or lawyers present,
please identify themselves for the record, first?
MS. SCHULTZ: I'm Meredith Schultz from Boise
Schiller and Flexner LUP, appearing for the Plaintiff,
Ms. Virginia Guiffre. With me is my colleague, David
Turner, also from Boies, Schiller and Flexner LLP.
MS. MENNINGER: I'm Laura Menninger from
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman on behalf of Ghislaine
DTI Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page54 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
Page 30
worse objection, or worse grounds for me.
MR. DYER: I think questions of payment do not
fall within the scope.
BY MS. SCHULTZ:
okay. Are you currently retained by Ms.
Maxwell for professional services.
A. If I could go back to my previous answer, Ms.
Maxwell is a project client, and it's on a day rate. It
-- so, for the sake of argument between 2nd of
January 2015 and the Ist of February 2016 we were quite
busy answering these incoming calls.
so there was quite a
lot of work at that point in time.
Recently there's been
no work. There's been no need because the press activity
has died down, our function is somewhat redundant.
&. Can you estimate the last time that you worked
on this account at
Your day rate?
A.
It would have been in 2015. Probably April,
May, something like that. No invoices, no -- no payment
in 2016 from my recollection.
BY MS. SCHULTZ:
l.
Mr. Gow, I'm going to hand you another
document.
(Exhibit 3 was marked for identification.)
MS. SCHULTZ: Point of procedure: I have only
three copies of these documents for each of the
1-800-325-3376
DII Court Reporting Solutions
- New York
www.deposition.com
08:56:26
08:56:28
08:56:30
08:56:38
08:56:38
08:56:39
08:56:42
08:56:46
08:56:55
08:56:57
08:57:03
08:57:06
08:57:08
08:57:12
08:57:15
08:57:17
08:57:30
08:57:35
08:57:41
08:57:47
08:57:47
08:57:49
08:30:48
08:58:09
08:58:11


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page55 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
Page 31
remaining, so...
I've marked as Exhibit 3 RG(UK)_00002. Do you
recognize this email?
A. I do.
l. Did you receive this email?
A. I did, on the -- on New Year's Day 2015.
l. Did you contact Ms. Maxwell after receiving
this email?
A.
I did.
Q.
Did you make any response to Mr.
Ball in any
form?
A.
Q.
I did.
Can you tell me what you -- what response you
made?
A.
Well, the response to Mr. Ball was part of a
series of responses having spoken to my client within 24
hours or so, we got back to Mr. Ball with an agreed
statement
which went out to a number of media.
When you say "agreed statement" can you tell me
more about what you mean? Who agreed to the statement?
A.
I need to give you some context, if I may,
about that statement.
So, this is on New Year's Day. I was
in France so the email time here of 21:46, in French
time was 22:46, and I was getting up early the next
DTI Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com
08:58:14
08:58:15
08:58:47
08:58:48
08:58:49
08:58:50
08:58:57
08:58:58
08:58:59
08:59:19
08:59:22
08:59:22
08:59:25
08:59:26
08:59:27
08:59:33
08:59:41
08:59:44
08:59:50
08:59:52
08:59:58
09:00:01
09:00:02
09:00:04
09:00:10


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page56 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
Page 32
morning to drive my family back from the south of
France to England, which is a 14-hour journey, door to
door. So on the morning of the 2nd of January,
bearing in mind that Ms. Maxwell, I think was in New
York then, she was five hours behind, so there was
quite a lot of, sort of time difference between the
7 various countries
• here, I sent her an email, I
believe, saying -- parsing this -- forwarding this
email to her saying "How do you wish to proceed?" And
then I was on the telephone -- I had two
telephones in
the car, I received in excess of
30 phone calls from
various media outlets on the 2nd of January, all
asking for information about how Ms. Maxwell was
looking to respond
• to the latest court filings, which
were filed on the 30th of December as I understand.
And by close -- towards close of play
on the 2nd,
I received an email forwarded by
Ms. Maxwell,
containing a draft statement which my
understanding was the majority of which had been
drafted by Mr. Barden with a header along the lines of
"This is the agreed statement." At close of play on
the 2nd.
So I -- I was -- I had gone under the
Channel Tunnel and I was sitting on the other side and
that email, which my understanding was that it had
DII Court Reporting
1-800-325-3376
Solutions - New York
www.deposition.com
09:00:14
09:00:17
09:00:22
09:00:26
09:00:28
09:00:30
09:00:35
09:00:38
09:00:41
09:00:45
09:00:50
09:00:54
09:01:00
09:01:04
09:01:10
09:01:13
09:01:16
09:01:33
09:01:36
09:01:39
09:01:44
09:01:48
09:01:50
09:01:54
09:01:57


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page57 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
Page 33
been signed off by the client, effectively, was then
sent out to a number of media, including Mr. Ball and
various other UK newspapers.
l.
Mr. Gow, when you say "end of play" and "close
of play, " are you referring to sending the email that's
Exhibit 2?
A. Yes, I am.
MR. DYER: My understanding is that it went to
people other than those listed?
THE WITNESS: Yes, that is
MR. DYER: Just a samplé
THE WITNESS: That
is a
• sample. Everyone who
effectively -- well, the detail on this, I was driving,
so my eldest son in the back had my BlackBerry and was
trying to capture
It was a pretty chaotic day.
Most people in
the UK were on holiday. In fact,
it was a holiday weekend, our office was closed, my PA was
on holiday, so my son was basically doing an internship in
the back of the car, downloading the names of the callers
from various media outlets and -- so we had a list of
those so when I got to the car park, at the end of the
Eurotunnel thing in the UK, I had numerous names, so the
email went out to a wide range of people.
But the 30 or so calls I had is an aggregate
number, so there might have been five calls from the BBC
09:02:01
09: 02:05
09:02:09
09:02: 12
09:02:15
09:02:18
09:02:24
09:02:29
09:02:30
09:02:32
09:02:34
09:02:35
09:02:37
09:02:40
09:02:43
09:02:48
09:02:50
09:02:54
09:02:58
09:03:02
09:03:05
09:03:09
09:03:14
09:03:17
09:03:20
DII Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page58 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
Page 34
from different people so they -- the BBC would only write
one story, there wouldn't be five versions of it, so 30 is
an aggregate number.
BY MS. SCHULTZ:
Okay. Looking again at Exhibit 2, could you
please review the individuals or email addresses of
the -- listed in the "To" and "bcc" portion?
A.
Yep.
Q.
portion?
Did you send this written statement to any
other individuals or entities who are not listed in that
A.
Within -- within 24 hours of this, yes, a wider
range of people, definitely.
This was the initial -- these are the
most pressing ones,
who
said they were going to write
a story whether they had -- if I could just explain a
bit more context again in the world of PR. When you
are in the field you're engaged and you've just --
you've got to prioritize who you spoke to and whoever
shouts the loudest usually gets responded to first.
So the reason there are two BBC people
there for instance, is there's BBC broadcast radio,
and BBC TV, and they were coming at -- from different
angles for different stories, but there was a certain
sense of urgency and immediacy. So the half a dozen
DTI Court Reporting
Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com
09:03:24
09:03:27
09:03:31
09:03:34
09:03:35
09:03:37
09:03:41
09:03:50
09:03:51
09:03:53
09:03:57
09:03:58
09: 04:03
09:04:05
09:04:07
09:04:10
09:04:13
09:04:16
09:04:19
09:04:22
09:04:25
09:04:27
09:04:30
09:04:35
09:04:38


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page59 of 648
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
Page 35
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
or so here were the ones that we prioritized to deal
with that night because they were publishing the next
day or -- or thereabouts, but for instance we also
spoke to the Daily Express. I can't remember the name
of the gentleman there, or the lady, but I remember
that was early the next morning when we got on to
other channels.
8
Q.
So you sent this statement to additional
9 individuals on January 3rd?
10
A.
Not just on January 3rd.
I mean,
as we had an
11
agreed statement there, and I do recall there is a typo
12
in this which is "Virginia" and "Victoria" -- there was a
13
14
transposition there. So the original email went out with
the typo because that
was taken from the -- the statement
15
16
that I believe Mr./
Barden was broadly the architect of,
but forwarded by Ms. Maxwell. So I just -- I took that
17
as a verbatim statement and sent it out. I re-read it in
18
19
20
21
the calm light of day the next morning. There was at
least one typo in it so I changed that and reached out,
again, to these people, updating the typo and sent it out
to additional people.
22
BY MS. SCHULTZ:
23
24
25
l.
Mr. Gow,
I'm going to hand you another
document. I'm going to mark this as Exhibit 4.
(Exhibit 4 was marked for identification.)
09:04:44
09:04:46
09:04:49
09:04:52
09:04:56
09:04:58
09:05:04
09:05:06
09:05:09
09:05:13
09:05:16
09:05:20
09:05:24
09:05:28
09:05:35
09:05:42
09:05:45
09:05:50
09:05:52
09:05:57
09:06:07
09:06:09
09:06:15
09:06:17
09:06:26
DII Court Reporting Solutions
- New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page60 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
BY MS. SCHULTZ:
This is a document that is Bates labeled
Page 36
GM_01043.
A.
Thank you.
l. The top email on this document says "From: Ross
Gow." Did you send this email?
A. I believe I did, yes.
l. Did you send it to Ms. Maxwell?
A.
Yes.
l.
In the "To" field, when it says "G Max, " do you
recognize that to be Ms. Maxwell's email) address?
A.
Yes.
e.
states:
In the second paragraph of this email it
"Please advise how you wish to handle this."
[As
read]
Did you receive a response from Ms. Maxwell?
A.
Bearing in mind I was driving all that day, I
can't recall what the exact response was but from memory,
it was along the lines of she would get back to me with
how she wished to proceed.
BY MS. SCHULTZ:
Okay.
Mr. Gow, I'm going to hand you another
document. I'm going to mark it as Exhibit 5.
DII Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com
09:06:28
09:06:31
09:06:34
09:06:38
09:06:59
09:07:02
09:07:07
09:07:08
09:07:09
09:07:11
09:07:18
09:07:23
09: 07:37
09:07:39
09:07:40
09:07:43
09:07:43
09:07:47
09:07:52
09:07:57
09:08:03
09:08:04
09:08:25
09:08:26
09:08:27


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page61 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
had existing authorization to make statements on
Ms. Maxwell's behalf due to the reauthorization
letter; is that correct?
A.
I believe that from the 2nd of January 2015,
I had an ongoing re-established authority to represent
her, within the parameters of the 2011, 2015 press
releases, there or thereabouts.
MS. SCHULTZ: Mr. Dyer, I have no further
Page 122
questions.
MR. DYER: Thank you.
That
concludes your
11:39:08
11:39:11
11:39:14
11:39:15
11:39:20
11:39:23
11:39:30
11:39:35
11:39:36
11:39:38
11:39:39
11:39:40
11:39:41
deposition.
THE WITNESS: Thank you,
SIT.
MR. DYER: Thank you very much.
THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
Going off the record, the
time is 11:39.
End of video card number 3, volume I,
and
end of the video deposition of Ross Gow.
(Whereupon, the deposition concluded at 11:39
a.m.)
carm (1P)
Lisa Barrett, RPR, CRR, CRC, CSR
Certified Real-time Court Reporter
DII Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page62 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
20th day of November, 2016.
Page 123
aft Only
DTI Court Reporting Solutions
- New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page63 of 648
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
CERTIFICATE OF DEPONENT
Page 124
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
I, ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW, hereby certify that I
have read the foregoing pages, numbered 1 through 122
of my deposition of testimony taken in these
proceedings
on this 18th day of November, 2016 and
with the exception of the changes listed on the next.
page and/or corrections, if any, find them to be
a true and accurate transcription, theredf.
Signed:
...
......
Name: ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW
Date:
Draft
1.
DII Court Reporting Solutions
- New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page64 of 648
1
2
4
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
Page 125
CERTIFICATE OF EXAMINER
I, ALLEN DYER, of 4 Pump Court
Temple, London, EC4Y 7AN DX 303 LDE have been
appointed as Examiner herein pursuant to an Order of
Master
Fontaine dated 29 September 2016. It has been
agreed by all parties herein that the evidence of the
witness, ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW, should be taken
down in shorthand and that the transcript of the said
notes of evidence should be deemed to be the
deposition of the said witness.
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
I certify that, the oath having been duly
administered, the witness has been examined pursuant
to the said order.
The pages of transcript annexed
hereto were furnished to me by DTI, Lisa Barrett,
Accredited Real-time Reporter, as containing the
transcript of
¡ the notes of the evidence of the witness
pursuant to the order.
DII Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page65 of 648
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
CERTIFICATE OF DEPONENT
Page 126
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10.
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
I, Ross Neil Sutherland Gow, hereby certify that I
have read the foregoing pages, numbered 1 through 122,
of my video deposition of testimony taken in these
proceedings on this 18th day of November, 2016 and,
with the exception of the changes listed
page and/or corrections, if any, find them to be a
true and accurate transcription thereof.
Signed:
Name:
Date:
Ross Neil Sutherland
Gow
...
Only
Draft
DTI Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page66 of 648
ROSS NEIL SUTHERLAND GOW - 11/18/2016
CERTIFICATE OF COURT REPORTER
Page 127
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
I, Lisa M. Barrett, an Accredited Real-time Reporter,
hereby certify that the testimony of the witness Ross
Neil Sutherland Gow in the foregoing transcript,
numbered pages 1 through 122, taken on this 18th day
of November, 2016 was recorded by me in machine
shorthand and was thereafter transcribed by me; and
that the foregoing transcript is a true and accurate
verbatim record of the said testimony.
I further certify that I am not a relative, employee,
counsel or financially involved with any of the
parties to the withis cause, no am I an employee or
relative of any counsel for the parties, nor am I, in
any way interested in the outcome of the within
cause.
Signed:
Name:
Date:
can (18)
....
...
Lisa M. Barrett, RPR,
November 30th 2016
CRR, CRC, CSR
DII Court Reporting Solutions - New York
1-800-325-3376
www.deposition.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page67 of 648
- Forwarded message-.....---
From: James Ball <james.ball@theguardian.coms
Date: 1 January 2015 at 21:46
Subject: URGENT - Ghislaine Maxwell
To: ross@acuityreputation.com
Dear Ross,
I'm writing to you as you have in the past represented Gislaine Maswell. As you are no doubt aware,
fresh allegations have been levelled against Ms Maxwell in new US court filings made in Florida on 30
December, which some outlets have already been reported.
I would urgently seek any comment on behalf of your client, or notification of her new representation if
you no longer act for her.
Many thanks for your help,
James
raift Only
EXHIBIT
RG(UK)_000002


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page68 of 648
From:
Sent:
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Ross Gow <ross@acuityreputation.com>
Friday, January 02, 2015 1:07 AM
G Max
Brian Basham
Fwd: URGENT - Ghislaine Maxwell
Hi Ghislaine
James Ball, investigative reporter for The Guardian, who reports on US stories, has made contact, as per below.
Please advise how you wish to handle this. I am driving all day today, but can be contacted on +44 (0) 7778 755
Best
Ross
-- Forwarded message --.
From: James Ball <james.ball@theguardian.com>
Date: Thursday, January 1, 2015
Subject: URGENT - Ghislaine Maxwell
To: ross/@acuityreputation.com
Only
Dear Ross.
I'm writing to you as you have in the past represented Chislaine Maxwell. As you are no doubt aware, fresh
allegations have been levelled against Ms Maxweltin new US court filings made in Florida on 30 December,
which some outlets have already been reported.
I would urgently seek any comment on behalf of your client, or notification of her new representation if you no
longer act for her.
Many thanks for your help,
James
p81 3p803Projects Editor 0183033335293: +117340835491 @jamesrbals,
Visit thequardian.com. On your mobile and tablet, download the Guardian iPhone and Android apps
nequardian.com/quardianapp and our tablet editions theguardian.com/editions. Save up to 57% b
ubscribing to the Guardian and Observer - choose the papers you want and get full digita
access. Visit subscribe.thequardian.com
EXHIBIT
PRIVILEGED GM _001027
GM_01043
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page69 of 648
This e-mail and all attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you are not the named
recipient, please notify the sender and delete the e-mail and all attachments immediately. Do not
disclose the contents to another person. You may not use the information for any purpose, or store,
or copy, it in any way. Guardian News & Media Limited is not liable for any computer viruses or other
material transmitted with or as part of this e-mail. You should employ virus checking software.
Guardian News & Media Limited is a member of Guardian Media Group plc. Registered Office: PO
Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London, N1P 2AP. Registered in England Number 908396
Ross Gow
Managing Partner
ACUITY Reputation
23 Berkeley Square
London WIJ 6HE
+44 (0) 207 204 6110
+44 (0) 777 875 5251 mob
+7 903 363 5393 Москва Мобильный
www.acuityreputation.com
The information contained in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and may be privileged or otherwise
protected from disclosure. It is intended solely for the attention and use of the named addressee(s). If you are
not the intended recipient, dissemination, copying or use of this e-mail and any attachments in whole or in part
is prohibited. If you have received the e-mailin error, please notify the sender and delete the e-mail and any
attachments from your computer system. Whilst any attachments may have been checked for viruses, you
should rely on your own virus checker and procedures. No responsibility is accepted by ACUITY Reputation
Limited for loss or damage arising from the receipt or use of this e-mail.
2
PRIVILEGED GM_001028
GM 01044
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page70 of 648
EXHIBIT H


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page71 of 648
This document is CONFIDENTIAL under the Court's Protective Order (DE 62)
United States District Court
Southern District of New York
Virginia L. Giuffre,
Plaintiff,
Case No.: 15-cv-07433-RWS
V.
Ghislaine Maxwell,
Defendant.
PLAINTIFF'S RESPONSES AND OBJECTIONS TO DEFENDANT'S SECOND
REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION AND DEFENDANT'S INTERROGATORIES,
PLAINTIFF'S ANSWERS TO DEFENDANT'S REQUESTS FOR ADMISSION
Pursuant to Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 26, 33, 34, Plaintiff hereby serves her
responses and objections to Defendant's Second Set of Discovery Requests and serves her
Answers to Defendant's Requests for Admission.
GENERAL OBJECTIONS
Defendant's Discovery Requests violate Rule 33, Fed. R. Civ. P., which provides "a party
may serve on any other party no more than 25 interrogatories, including all discrete subparts" -
in that Defendant has served a total of 59 interrogatories in this case, including subparts, in
violation of Rule 33.
Ms. Giuffre objects to Defendant's Second Set of Discovery Requests to the extent they
seek information that is protected by any applicable privilege, including but not limited to,
attorney client privilege, work product privilege, joint defense privilege, public interest privilege,
and any other applicable privilege.
1


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page72 of 648
This document is CONFIDENTIAL under the Court's Protective Order (DE 62)
on hundreds (if not thousands) of matters, and collectively have well over 100 years of combined
practice experience. Accordingly, a request that each of these attorneys list all communications
with the media is facially overbroad.
Additionally, Ms. Giuffre objects to this Interrogatory because a response would cause
Ms. Giuffre the incredible and undue burden of having to catalogue literally hundreds of
communications that she has already produced in this case.
Moreover, Ms. Giuffre objects because this interrogatory calls for the production of
documents that are irrelevant to this action and not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery
of admissible evidence. Communications with the media regarding cases that bear no relation to
the subject matter of this case, from decades in the past, are facially invalid and not calculated to
lead to the discovery of admissible evidence.
Ms. Giuffre additionally objects to the extent that this interrogatory seeks the
communications of her attorneys, any author, reporter, correspondent, columnist, writer,
commentator, investigative journalist, photojournalist, newspaper person, freelance reporter,
stringer, or any other employee of any media organization or independent consultant as such
interrogatory is overly broad and unduly burdensome. Furthermore, Ms. Giuffre is not obligated
to produce anything currently in the possession of Defendant Maxwell or her attorneys.
Notwithstanding such objections, Ms. Giuffre has already produced her responsive
communications, which are found in documents Bates labelled GIUFFRE000001 to
GIUFFRE007566.
Identify any "false statements" attributed to Ghislaine Maxwell which were
"published globally, including within the Southern District of New York" as You contend in
paragraph 9 of Count I of Your Complaint, including:
5


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page73 of 648
This document is CONFIDENTIAL under the Court's Protective Order (DE 62)
a. the exact false statement;
b. the date of its publication;
c. the publishing entity and title of any publication containing the purportedly false
statement;
d. the URL or internet address for any internet version of such publication; and the
nature of the publication, whether in print, internet, broadcast or some other form of
media.
Response to Interrogatory No. 6:
Ms. Giuffre objects because the information interrogatory above is in the possession of
Defendant who has failed to comply with her production obligations in this matter, and has failed
to comply with her production obligations with this very subject matter. See Document Request
No. 17 from Ms. Giuffre's Second Request for Production of Documents to Defendant Ghislaine
Maxwell.' Maxwell has not produced all "URL or Internet addresses for any internet version of
such publication" that she directed her agent, Ross Gow, to send.
' Request No. 17 stated: Produce all documents concerning any statement made by You or on
Your behalf to the press or any other group or individual, including draft statements, concerning
Ms. Giuffre, by You, Ross Gow, or any other individual, from 2005 to the present, including the
dates of any publications, and if published online, the Uniform Resource Identifier (URL)
address. In response, Defendant stated: "Ms. Maxwell objects to this Request on the grounds that
it is cumulative and duplicative. Ms. Maxwell also objects to this Request to the extent it calls
for information that exists within the public domain, the internet or in public court records and
which are equally available to both parties and can be obtained from some other source that is
more convenient, less burdensome, and less expensive. Ms. Maxwell further objects to this
Request to the extent it seeks documents or information protected by the attorney/client
privilege, the work-product doctrine, or any other applicable privilege. Ms. Maxwell is not
producing documents that are available in the public domain. Ms. Maxwell has been unable to
locate any additional documents responsive to this Request."
6


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page74 of 648
This document is CONFIDENTIAL under the Court's Protective Order (DE 62)
Ms. Giuffre further objects because the information requested above is in the possession
of Defendant's agent, who caused the false statements to be issued to various media outlets. Ms.
Giuffre has not had the opportunity to depose Maxwell's agent Ross Gow; therefore, this answer
remains incomplete. Consequently, Ms. Giuffre reserves the right to modify and/or supplement
her responses, as information is largely in the possession of the Defendant and her agent.
Ms. Giuffre objects to this interrogatory in that it violates Rule 33 as its subparts, in
combination with the other interrogatories, exceed the allowable twenty-five interrogatories. Ms.
Giuffre objects to this request because it is in the public domain. Ms. Giuffre also objects in that
it seeks information protected by the attorney-client/work product privilege, and any other
applicable privilege stated in the General Objections.
Notwithstanding such objections, Ms. Giuffre has already produced documents
responsive to this request; Bates labelled GIUFFRE000001 to GIUFFRE007566, and
supplements such responsive documents with the following list of publications. While the
identification of an exhaustive responsive list would be unduly burdensome, in an effort to make
a good faith effort towards compliance, Ms. Giuffre provides the following examples, which are
incomplete based on the aforementioned reasons:
Date
Nature Publishi
ng
Statement/URL
Entity
Januar
Internet _
Ross
Gow
2015
Jane Doe 3 is Virginia Roberts - so not a new individual. The allegations made by
Victoria Roberts against Ghislaine Maxwell are untrue. The original allegations are
not new and have been fully responded to and shown to be untrue.
Each time the story is re told it changes with new salacious details about public
figures and world leaders and now it is alleged by Ms. Roberts that Alan
Dershowitz is involved in having sexual relations with her, which he denies.
Ms. Roberts's claims are obvious lies and should be treated as such and not
publicized as news, as they are defamatory.
Ghislaine Maxwell's original response to the lies and defamatory claims remains the
same. Maxwell strongly denies allegations of an unsavoury nature, which have
appeared in the British press and elsewhere and reserves her right to seek redress at
7


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page75 of 648
This document is CONFIDENTIAL under the Court's Protective Order (DE 62)
Januar
Internet
y 3,
2015
Telegrap
h
Januar
Internet
Express
y 4,
2015
Januar
Internet
y 3,
Daily
Mail
2015
Januar
Internet
Huffingt
on Post
y 3,
2015
Januar
Internet
y 4,
Jewish
News
Online
2015
Januar
Internet
y 2,
2015
Januar
Internet
y 5,
2015
Broadca
Bolton
News
NY
Daily
News
the repetition of such old defamatory claims.
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/theroyalfamily/11323872/Prince-
Andrew-denies-having-relations-with-sex-slave-girl.html
http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/550085/Ghislaine-Maxwell-Jeffrey-Epstein-
not-madam-paedophile-Florida-court-case-Prince-Andrew
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2895366/Prince-Andrew-lobbied-
government-easy-Jeffrey-Epstein-Palace-denies-claims-royal-tried-use-influence-
help-billionaire-paedophile-2008-police-probe html
http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/01/03/duke-of-york-sex-abuse-
claims_n_6409508 html
http://www.jewishnews.co.uk/dershowitz-nothing-prince-andrews-sex-scandal/
http://www.theboltonnews.co.uk/news/national/11700192.Palace_denies_Andrew_s
ex_case_claim/
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/alleged-madame-accused-supplying-
prince-andrew-article-1.2065505
Januar
y 5,
2015
Internet
/
Broadca
st
AOL UK
http://www.aol.co.uk/video/ghislaine-maxwell-declines-to-comment-on-prince-
andrew-allegations-518587500/
8


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page76 of 648
This document is CONFIDENTIAL under the Court's Protective Order (DE 62)
Respectfully Submitted,
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP
By: Is/ Sigrid McCawley
Sigrid McCawley (Pro Hac Vice)
Meredith Schultz (Pro Hac Vice)
Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP
401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301
Telephone: (954) 356-0011
David Boies
Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP
333 Main Street
Armonk, NY 10504
Bradley J. Edwards (Pro Hac Vice)
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING,
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L.
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
Telephone: (954) 524-2820
Paul G. Cassell (Pro Hac Vice)
S.J. Quinney College of Law
Salt Lake City, UT 84112
Telephone: (801) 585-5202
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on July 1, 2016, I electronically sent the foregoing document
to the counsel below via e-mail.
Laura A. Menninger, Esq.
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq.
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN, P.C.
150 East 10th Avenue
Denver, Colorado 80203
Tel: (303) 831-7364
Fax: (303) 832-2628
Email: Imenninger@hmflaw.com
43


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page77 of 648
EXHIBIT I


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page78 of 648
United States District Court
Southern District of New York
Virginia L. Giuffre,
Plaintiff,
Case No.: 15-cv-07433-RWS
Ghislaine Maxwell,
Defendant.
PLAINTIFF'S SUPPLEMENTAL RESPONSES TO
DEFENDANT'S INTERROGATORIES 6, 12 and 13
Pursuant to Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 26, 33, 34, Plaintiff hereby serves her
supplemental responses to Defendant's Interrogatories 6, 12 and 13.
OBJECTIONS
Plaintiff maintains and hereby incorporates by reference all applicable objections,
including both general objections and specific objections to individual interrogatories, in her
prior responses and objections served on Defendant in these supplemental responses.
Defendant's Discovery Requests violate Rule 33, Fed. R. Civ. P., which provides "a party
may serve on any other party no more than 25 interrogatories, including all discrete subparts" -
in that Defendant has served a total of 59 interrogatories in this case, including subparts, in
violation of Rule 33.
Ms. Giuffre objects to Defendant's Discovery Requests to the extent they seek
information that is protected by any applicable privilege, including but not limited to, attorney
client privilege, work product privilege, and any other applicable privilege.
1


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page79 of 648
Jane Doe No. 102 v. Jeffrey Epstein, Case No. 09-80656-CIV-Marra/Johnson (Southern District of
Florida). Accordingly, due to the undue burden of individually logging responsive, privileged
documents related to Defendant's overly-broad requests, Plaintiff has employed categorical logging
of such privileged responsive documents pursuant to Local Civil Rule 26.2(c).
Ms. Giuffre objects to the requests in that they seek to invade her privacy for the sole purpose
of harassing and intimidating Ms. Giuffre who was a minor victim of sexual trafficking.
Ms. Giuffre objects to the requests to the extent they are overly broad and unduly
burdensome.
Ms. Giuffre's responses to Defendant's Second Set of Discovery Requests are being
made after reasonable inquiry into the relevant facts, and are based only upon the information
and documentation that is presently known to her. Ms. Giuffre reserves the right to modify
and/or supplement her responses. Ms. Giuffre has produced documents and information in
response to these Requests.
Ms. Giuffre incorporates her above-listed general objections in the responses herein.
SUPPLEMENTAL INTEROGATORY RESPONSES
Identify any "false statements" attributed to Ghislaine Maxwell which were
"published globally, including within the Southern District of New York" as You contend in
paragraph 9 of Court 1 of Your Complaint, including:
a.
the exact false statement;
b.
the date of its publication;
C.
the publishing entity and title of any publication containing the purportedly false
statement;
d.
the URL or internet address for any internet version of such publication; and
the nature of the publication, whether in print, internet, broadcast or some other
form of media.
3


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page80 of 648
In addition to her previous response, Ms. Giuffre supplements the response to include:
January 8, 2015
Internet
The
Sun
https://www.thesun.co.uk/archives/news/6754/prince-
andrews-pal-ghislaine-groped-teen-
girls/?CMP=spklr-128508300-Editorial-TWITTER-
TheSunNewspaper-20150108-News
12. Identify any Health Care Provider from whom You received any treatment for any
physical, mental or emotional condition, including addiction to alcohol, prescription or illegal
drugs, that You suffered from subsequent to the Alleged Defamation by Ghislaine Maxwell,
including:
a.
the Health Care Provider's name, address, and telephone number;
the type of consultation, examination, or treatment provided;
c.
d.
the dates You received consultation, examination, or treatment;
whether such treatment was on an in-patient or out-patient basis;
e.
the medical expenses to date;
whether health insurance or some other person or organization or entity has paid
for the medical expenses; and
g.
for each such Health Care Provider, please execute the medical and mental health
records release attached hereto as Exhibit A.
Supplemental Response to Interrogatory No. 12:
Ms. Giuffre objects to this interrogatory in that it is overbroad and not limited in scope to
the medical information relating to the abuse she suffered from Defendant and Jeffrey Epstein.
Pursuant to the Rules, if requested documents are not yielded in a "reasonable inquiry," Ms.
Giuffre is not obligated to expend all of her time and resources on a quest to gather medical files that
are unknown to her or unaccessable after reasonable inquiry. See, e.g., Manessis v. New York City
Dep't of Transp., No. 02 CIV. 359SASDF, 2002 WL 31115032, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 24, 2002)
4


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page81 of 648
* Medicare Australia provided health care insurance coverage and payment for services
reccived in Australia from July 19, 2013 through the present " Ms Guffre's claims
history for this period is detailed a ClUEERE 007619-7620
• Dr. Wah Wah San, Central Coast Family Modicine, Unit 2, 17 Anzac Rd., Tuggereh
2259, 0241518777, tel (02)4388.0440, treased Ms Gufficon March 14, 2013, for panic
attacks as described in the medical rocords produced at GIUFFRE005339-5341; and
possibly on September I1. 2013 for "Standard Consultation'" Those records have been
requested and a release sent to the providos, see GIUTTRI 007625-7628.
• CVS Pharmacy provided prescribed medications to My Giuffie as described in the
records produced at GIFTRE030847 08145Walgreens Pharmzcy may have provided
prescribed madications to Ms. Gluffie Those records have been requested and a release
providest to the pharmacy, see fillER007611 76469
• Dr. Timothy D. Hartwig, D.O, was icontified in records produced by C'VS pharmacy.
Ms Gluffre has requestext these reconds, see GilLIETRE008 166 8318
• Dr. James T. Nichols, M.D. was identified in records produced by CVS pharmacy. Ms
Giaffie has requested those records, we GUFFRE00S 349-$351
• Dr. Rodolfo Torres Jr., M.D, was identilicd in records produced by CVS pharmacy
Ms Gluffre has requested those records, see Gl0-FRE:008352-8354
Dated August 17, 2016
Signed.
Virginia Giullie
"Rocoa from Medicare Austeal are penally into Be Mo Cure is continuing to paran
atten cords dom pros to da 19. 2013 larage boor oflices in Agstrala
Ms Chuffic has now idented Dr. Wah Wah San and Do Wah San to be the same provider to the bost
of'her knowledge She had previousiy listed both names, in an abundance of caution, befor Icaming that
Dr Wah San was die same povider an Dr Wah Wah San
13


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page82 of 648
EXHIBIT J


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page83 of 648
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE,
sintitt.
v.
GHISLAINE MAXWELL.
Defendant.
15-cY-07433-RWS
Declaration of Ghislaine Maxwel
1. Ghislaine Maxwell, declare as foliows:
1. Iam the defendant in this action.
2. I have no control or authority over any media organizations, including those media
organizations that published any part of a January 2015 statement issued on my behalf at the
direction of my attorney, Philip Barden.
Neither I nor any agent acting on my behalf approved or participated in any activity
of any media organization in its decision to publish or not to publish any part of the January 2015
statement.
1 declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct.
Executed on January 6, 2017.
Ghislaine Maxwe


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page84 of 648
EXHIBIT K


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page85 of 648
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
----X
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE,
Plaintiff,
V.
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Defendant.
15-cv-07433-RWS
----^
Declaration of Philip Barden
I, Philip Barden, declare as follows:
1. I am a Solicitor of the Senior Courts of England & Wales based in London, England.
2. I am submitting this Declaration in support of Ghislaine Maxwell's motion for
summary judgment in this action.
3.
I am not authorised to and do not waive Ms. Maxwell's attorney-client privilege.
4. I have represented Ms. Maxwell since 2011 regarding the allegations made by
Plaintiff Virginia Giuffre and as published in the United Kingdom. I continue to be retained in
this regard. I am familiar generally with the subject matter of this action.
5.
I first represented Ms. Maxwell in this matter over the weekend of 5t* and 6h March
2011, about the time when various UK national newspapers, in hard copy and on line, published
numerous and provocative allegations made by the Plaintiff Virginia Giuffre against
Ms. Maxwell. The articles by Sharon Churcher were among those published in this time frame.
6.
I instructed British press agent Ross Gow to assist me in representing Ms. Maxwell.
1


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page86 of 648
7. I caused to be prepared a statement to respond to the articles that appeared in the
British Press over the weekend-March 5 and 6, 2011, and thereafter. I directed Mr. Gow to
distribute the statements to various media outlets that had published articles.
8. On December 30, 2014, Ms. Giuffre made numerous salacious and improper
allegations against Ms. Maxwell in a joinder motion publicly filed in a civil case involving
Jeffrey Epstein. Shortly afterward, the British media gained access to the motion and began
inquiring about Ms. Maxwell's response.
9. I continued to represent Ms. Maxwell at that time and I coordinated the response to
the media. I again instructed Mr. Gow to assist me.
10. In liaison with Mr. Gow and my client, on January 2, 2015, I prepared a further
statement denying the allegations, and I instructed Mr. Gow to transmit it via email to members
of the British media who had made inquiry about plaintiff's allegations about Ms. Maxwell.
Attached as Exhibit Al is an email containing a true and correct copy of this statement. The
statement was issued on my authority. Although it is possible others suggested or contributed
content, I prepared the vast majority of the statement and ultimately approved and adopted all of
the statement as my work.
11. As is evident from the timing and the typographical errors in the statement,
I prepared the statement in haste. I was not in the office on 2"d January 2015 as it was the Friday
immediately after New Years day which is a public holiday. Most people took 2"d January off
and many business closed that day. I don't now recall where I was that day but I was hard to
reach and that indicates I was out with my family. I therefore would have prepared the statement
in a hurry. I recall that I wanted to get a statement out as a matter of urgency.
12.
I recall that immediately after Ms. Giuffre's motion was filed, media representatives
began contacting Mr. Gow and requesting Ms. Maxwell's response to Ms. Giuffre's allegations


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page87 of 648
of criminal and other misconduct by Ms. Maxwell. I believed an immediate response was
imperative, even though this was happening in the midst of the holidays in the United Kingdom.
My communications with Mr. Gow and with Ms. Maxwell were sporadic, delayed and hurried
because of my and their own holiday schedules. I worked while on vacation and on Friday,
January 2, 2015, to ensure that the statement was issued as soon as possible after receiving the
media inquiries.
13. I did not ask Ms. Maxwell to respond point by point to Ms. Giuffre's factual
allegations in the CVRA joinder motion. What we needed to do was issue an immediate denial
and that necessarily had to be short and to the point. It should have been obvious to the media
that Ms. Giuffre's new and significantly more salacious allegations had no credibility because
they differed so substantially from her previous allegations, when she had the opportunity and
incentive to disclose all relevant facts about being a victim of alleged sexual abuse and sex
trafficking at the hands of the rich and powerful. I prepared the January 2015 statement based on
my knowledge of Ms. Giuffre's past statements and her most recent statements in the joinder
motion, and made the point to the media-recipients that she and her new statements, which
differed so substantially from her former ones, were not credible-specifically, that the new
allegations were patently false—i.e., "obvious lies."
14. By way of example I recall that prior to the December 2014 filing of the joinder
motion and the subsequent press reports that Ms. Guiffre clearly stated she had not had sex with
Prince Andrew. Yet in her joinder motion she claimed she did have sex with Prince Andrew and
that the sex occurred in what can only be described as a very small bathtub, too small for a man
of Prince Andrew's size to enjoy a bath in let alone sex. So as of December 2014 it was clear
Ms. Guiffre had made polar opposite statements. She was either lying when she said they did not
have sex or when she said they did. I made the inescapable inference that she is a liar, as clearly
3


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page88 of 648
she is, since both statements cannot as a matter of fact be true. When someone says she did not
have sex and then says she did, in other words, there is an obvious lie.
15. I did not intend the January 2015 statement as a traditional press release solely to
disseminate information to the media. This is why I intentionally did not request that Mr. Gow or
any other public relations specialist prepare or participate in preparing the statement. Instead,
Mr. Gow served as my conduit to the media representatives who had requested a response to the
joinder motion allegations and who I believed might republish those allegations.
16. My purpose in preparing and causing the statement to be disseminated to those
media representatives was twofold. First, I wanted to mitigate the harm to Ms. Maxwell's
reputation from the press's republication of plaintiff's false allegations. I believed these ends
could be accomplished by suggesting to the media that, among other things, they should subject
plaintiff's allegations to inquiry and scrutiny. For example, I noted that plaintiff's allegations
changed dramatically over time, suggesting that they are "obvious lies" and therefore should not
be "publicised as news."
17. Second, I intended the January 2015 statement to be "a shot across the bow" of the
media, which I believed had been unduly eager to publish plaintiff's allegations without
conducting any inquiry of their own. This was the purpose of repeatedly stating that plaintiff's
allegations were "defamatory." In this sense, the statement was very much intended as a cease
and desist letter to the media-recipients, letting the media-recipients understand the seriousness
with which Ms. Maxwell considered the publication of plaintiff's obviously false allegations and
the legal indefensibility of their own conduct.
18.
It is important to understand that any story involving a member of the Royal Family,
especially a senior member such as Prince Andrew, gains huge media attention in the UK and a
story alleging he had a sex with the Plaintiff caused a feeding frenzy for the press. I wanted the
4


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page89 of 648
press to stop and think before publishing, to cease and desist, and that if they continued then they
faced higher damages for ignoring my clear warning.
19. Consistent with those two purposes, Mr. Gow's emails prefaced the statement with
the following language: "Please find attached a quotable statement on behalf of Ms Maxwell"
(italics supplied). The statement was intended to be a single, one-time-only, comprehensive
response quoted in full, if it was to be used to plaintiff's December 30, 2014, allegations that
would give the media Ms. Maxwell's response. The purpose of the prefatory statement was to
inform the media-recipients of this intent.
20. Selective and partial quotation and use of the statement would disserve my purposes.
It was intended to address Plaintiff's behavior and allegations against Ms. Maxwell on a broad
scale, that is to say, Plaintiff's history of making false allegations and innuendo to the media
against Ms. Maxwell. This is why the statement references Plaintiff's "original allegations" and
points out that her story "changes"—i.e. is embellished over time including the allegations
"now" that Professor Dershowitz allegedly had sexual relations with her. This is why I
distinguished in the statement between Plaintiff's "original" allegations and her "new," joinder-
motion allegations, which differed substantially from the original allegations. And this is why I
wrote, "Each time the story is re told [sic] it changes with new salacious details about public
figures and world leaders and now it is alleged by [Plaintiff] that Alan Derschowitz [sic] is
involved in having sexual relations with her, which he denies." (Emphasis supplied.) Having
established the dramatic difference between Plaintiff's two sets of allegations, which suggested
she was fabricating more and more-salacious allegations as she had more time to manufacture
them, I added the third paragraph: "[Ms. Giuffre's] claims are obvious lies and should be treated
as such and not publicised as news, as they are defamatory." (Emphasis supplied.) I believed
then, and believe now, that it was and remains a fair inference and conclusion that her claims
5


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page90 of 648
were and are "obvious lies." As noted, her claims not to have slept with Prince Andrew and to
have slept with Prince Andrew are a classic example of an obvious lie. One or other account is
on the face of it a lie.
21. As an example of her lack of credibility, the Plaintiff made allegations against
Professor Dershowitz, which I understand she has now withdrawn. Professor Dershowitz has
credibility because his story, insofar as I am familiar with it, has been consistent; Ms. Giuffre has
no credibility because her story has shifted and changed.
22. Further the Plaintiff's account has become more salacious, for example, regarding
Prince Andrew. The Plaintiff clearly has been seeking publicity for her story and it is clear to me
that she understands retelling the same story doesn't feed the media and generate publicity and
so each time she appears to create new allegations to generate media interest.
23. I understand the Plaintiff alleged in her Complaint in this action that the following
statements are defamatory. She alleges it was defamatory in the first paragraph of the January
2015 statement to state that "the allegations made by [the Plaintiff] against [Ms.] Maxwell are
untrue." For the reasons stated above, it was and is my considered and firm opinion that, in fact,
her allegations are untrue. She alleges it was defamatory to state in the same paragraph that the
"original allegations" have been "shown to be untrue." For the reasons stated above, it was and is
my considered and firm opinion that, in fact, her allegations are untrue. Finally, she alleges that it
was defamatory in the third paragraph to state that her claims are "obvious lies." For the reasons
stated above, it was and is my considered and firm opinion that, in fact, her claims are obvious
lies.
24. Both Mr. Gow and I understood that once the January 2015 statement was sent to the
media-representatives, we had no ability to control whether or how they would use the statement
and we made no effort to control whether or how they would use the statement.
6


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page91 of 648
25. It is my understanding that some of the media-recipients of the January 2015
statement did not publish any part of the statement. I am unaware of any media-recipient
publishing the statement in full.
26. The issuance of the statement fully complied with my ethical obligations as a lawyer.
Indeed it was duty in representing my client's interests to ensure that a denial was immediately
issued. I would have been remiss if I had sat back and not issued a denial, and the press had
published that Ms. Maxwell had not responded to enquiries and had not denied the new
allegations; the public might have taken the silence as an admission there was some truth in the
allegations.
27. The content of the statement was entirely based on information I acquired in
connection with my role as counsel for Ms. Maxwell.
28. At the time I directed the issuance of the statement, I was contemplating litigation
against the press-recipients as an additional means to mitigate and prevent harm to Ms. Maxwell.
Whilst the limitation period for a pure defamation claim has now expired, claims are still being
considered for example for publishing a deliberate falsehood, conspiracy to inure and other
tortious acts.
29. In any such UK defamation, or other related, action Ms. Giuffre would be a
defendant or a witness.
30.
I directed that the statement indicate Ms. Maxwell "strongly denie[d] the allegations
of an unsavoury nature," declare the allegations to be false, give the press-recipients notice that
the publications of the allegations "are defamatory," and inform them that Ms. Maxwell was
"reserv[ing] her right to seek redress."
7


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page92 of 648
I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct.
Executed on January 6, 2017.
'hilip Barder
Pal Bh


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page93 of 648
EXHIBIT L


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page94 of 648
1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
for the
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
Civil Action No. 15-cv-07433-RWS
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE,
Plaintiff,
VS.
GHISLAINE MAXWELL
Defendant.
VIDEO-DEPOSITION
OF:
TAKEN BY:
REPORTED BY:
DATE AND TIME:
PLACE:
APPEARANCES:
JAMES MICHAEL AUSTRICH
Defendant
Karla Layfield, RMR
Stenographic Court Reporter
Notary Public
State of Florida at Large
June 23, 2016; 9:03 a.m.
Owen
& Associates Court Reporters
108 N. Magnolia Avenue, Suite 501
Ocala, Florida
Laura A. Menninger, Esquire
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN, PC
150 East 10th Avenue
Denver, Colorado 80203
Attorney for Defendant
Brad Edwards, Esquire
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards,
FISTOS
& LEHRMAN, PL
425 Andrews Avenue, Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, Florida
33301
Attorney for Plaintiff
Also Present:
Kenneth Sarsony, Videographer
Virginia Giuffre
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page95 of 648
2
INDEX
PAGE
WITNESS:
James Michael Austrich
Direct Examination by Ms. Menninger
Cross-Examination by Mr. Edwards
Redirect Examination by Ms.
Menninger
Recross-Examination by Mr. Edwards
4
92
121
143
Reporter's Certificate
Certificate of Oath
146
147
- - -
EXHIB
I
T
• S
PLAINTIFF
1. Flight logs
DEFENDANT
1. Photograph
2. Passport
3. Citation Trading Report
4.
School Records
108
26
27
38
136
(Exhibits attached.)
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page96 of 648
7
Broward and Miami a lot.
Q
A
A
A
A
Okay. Where did you go to high school?
Robert Morgan.
Which city is that in?
I guess Miami.
Okay.
When did you graduate?
'98.
How old are you now?
35.
When
I is your birthday?
A
Do you remember a woman by the name of Virginia
Roberts?
A
A
A
Yes.
And do you see her here in the room today?
yes.
When was the last time that you saw her?
Sixteen years ago.
How did you meet Ms. Roberts?
She was a friend of my sister's, and that's how
A
I met her.
What is your sister's name?
A
(phonetic). Last name is spelled
but I still can't spell it. My step-sister.
But after so long, she's basically my sister.
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 * owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page97 of 648
8
Q
Okay.
Where is Ms.
now?
A
I believe Broward County.
How is it that she came to introduce you to
Ms. Roberts?.
A
She brought her to the house.
And do you know
how they were friends?
A
They met each other in rehab.
What kind of rehab?
A
I'm not sure. I was living in Miami at the
time, and I only came up once in a while to visit her. At
the very end, when
I moved back to Broward with my dad,
that's when
home.
Do you know the name of the rehab program?
A
NO.
& And you do you know what the rehab program was
for, drugs, alcohol?
A
I don't know. I guess, everything probably.
• Do you recall
approximately what year you met
Ms. Roberts?
A
I believe around '98.
How old were you at that time?
A
18.
Do you know how old Ms. Roberts was?
A
15 or 16, I believe.
Was she approximately your sister"'s age?
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 * owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page98 of 648
11
working at the Taco Bell in Sunrise. Did I get that
right?
A
Yeah, yeah.
Okay. Did Ms. Roberts come to work at the Taco
Bell where you worked?
A
Not at that one in Sunrise. When we moved to
Broward, she worked with me. I think it was another one
in Sunrise.
Okay. So you're saying sometime later you and
Ms. Roberts moved to Broward. Is that right?
A
Yes, we lived in an apartment.
Where was that apartment?
A
Oakland Park, I believe.
And when you moved to that apartment in Oakland
Park, that's when she came to work with you at Taco Bell?
A
Yes.
Do you know about how old you were when that
happened?
A
It had to be around -- it wasn't long after
meeting her.
Why don't you take a step back and tell me what
you recall about meeting Ms. Roberts.
A
It was a long time ago.
I understand.
All I remember is my sister bringing her over
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page99 of 648
12
one day, we got to talking, we liked each other, and we
just got to know each other.
Was she in school at the time?
A
NO.
Why not?
A
I'm not entirely sure.
Was she done with this rehab program?
A
Yes, at the time.
Did she go back into it later?
Not that I know of.
So your understanding is, she was not in school
and not in the rehab program at the time that you met
Ms. Roberts. Correct?
A
Not that I know of, no.
Where was she living when you met Ms. Roberts?
A
She was staying with us - or she came over, and
then I guess she was staying with us for a little while, I
believe.
And who do you mean by "us"?
A
At my dad's house.
Who else was living there besides yourself, your
dad and your sister?
A
My step-mom, my other step-sister, my
step-brother and their grandmother. It was a big house.
How long do you recall Ms. Roberts living at
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page100 of 648
13
that house with the family?
A
No idea. Not long.
Weeks, months, years?
A
Weeks.
Okay. You said that you spent some time getting
to know Ms. Roberts when you first talked to her?
A
Uh-hmm.
Did she tell you anything about her childhood?
A
If she did, I don't remember, it was so long
ago.
A
A
Do you recall meeting her parents?
Yes.
Was that some time later?
Yes.
Tell me about when you remember meeting her
parents.
A
I think that was -- all I remember - really,
all I remember is going to the house and meeting her
parents. I don't remember much from that time.
Okay. I appreciate that this is all a long time
ago
A
Yeah.
Did you and Ms. Roberts become a couple soon
after you met her?
Yes.
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page101 of 648
14
Was she dating anyone else at that time?
A
No.
Tell me where you -- did you both move out of
that home, your dad's home, together?
A
Yes.
And where did you go directly after that home?
To the Oakland Park apartment.
At the time you got the Oakland Park apartment,
do you recall how old you were?
A
I had to be 18 to get an apartment.
Okay. And do you know how old Ms. Roberts was?
A
16.
A
Is that a guess, or do you remember?
That's a guess.
Do you think you are about two years older than
she is?
A
About. Maybe a little more.
Okay. How long did you two live together at the
Oakland Park apartment?
A
Less - I know it wasn't a full year. I don't
know exactly how long it was. I don't know how many
months it was.
Did anyone else live there with you?
A
Yes, a roommate.
Who was that?
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page102 of 648
15
A
Mario. Last name, I can't remember. I haven't
seen him since that apartment.
Was he a friend of yours or hers, or just
someone else?
Taco Bell.
He was a friend of mine. He worked with me at
And after you moved to this Oakland Park
apartment, Ms. Roberts came to work at the Taco Bell as
well?
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
Yeah, with him and me.
Do you recall where that Taco Bell was?
By the Sawgrass Mall.
How long did Ms. Roberts work at that Taco Bell?
I don't remember.
You were a manager at the time?
Yes, me and my roommate.
You were both managers?
Yeah.
Was she an official employee?
Yes.
She was on the payroll?
Yes.
And you were the manager?
Um-hmm?
And she paid -- she was paid for by Taco Bell?
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page103 of 648
16
A
Yes.
l
Was it is a franchise, if you know?
A
I know when I first started there, they were
corporate, but then they were a franchise. They were
bought out. But I'm not sure if when I got there they
were a franchise or not.
Got it.
Do you know if Ms. Roberts had any previous
employment before she worked at Taco Bell?
A
I think by the apartment, she worked for KFC for
a little while.
MS. MENNINGER: Are you looking at Ms.
Roberts?
THE WITNESS: I'm thinking. I can't
remember. I remember something with KFC. They
had one really close to us. I think she worked
there for a tiny, tiny bit. I'm not sure.
MS. MENNINGER: Okay.
BY MS. MENNINGER:
Before the Taco Bell?
A
Or she could've applied there. It's just in my
head. She might have just applied there, and didn't get
it, and that's why I brought her to Taco Bell.
Okay.
Because we were both the night managers.
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page104 of 648
17
Okay. Got it.
So for not a full year, the two of you worked
together at a Taco bell near the Sawgrass Mills (as
heard) and lived in an apartment in Oakland Park?
A
Yes.
MR. EDWARDS: Object to the form.
BY MS. MENNINGER:
With Mario?
A
Yeah.
Did Mario live there the whole time?
A
Yes.
What caused you to stop living at the Oakland
Park apartment?
A I don't remember exactly. But I know we moved
out before, and Mario stayed in the apartment.
Where did you move to?
A
Her parent's house.
Did you move into the house or to someplace near
the house?
A
I don't remember if we originally moved into the
house. But I know they had a trailer in the back that we
lived in.
How long did you live in the trailer in the
back?
No idea.
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page105 of 648
19
A
l
A
A
No.
Do you know about what years this was?
Not really.
Do you know about how old you were?
When, what?
I'm just focused on the period of time in which
you were living at her parent's house in the trailer.
A
I was probably 18 when we moved in there.
And you said you were only there for a couple of
months?
A
Not that I remember. Like, it might have been a
little longer. I'm not sure.
Were you engaged to Ms. Roberts?
A
Yes.
When did you become engaged to her?
A
When we were living in Oakland Park.
Tell me about the engagement. How did it come
about?
A
Well, we fell in love, and -- I believe it was
Valentine's Day when I proposed.
A
A
Did you have a ring?
Yes.
Did she accept?
Yes.
How long were you engaged?
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page106 of 648
20
A
I'm not entirely sure.
Do you remember an event where the engagement
was broken off?
A
When I left.
Left where?
A
When I left - Royal Palm Beach, I guess, was
our apartment.
When you left that apartment, that's when the
engagement was over in your mind?
A
Yes.
A
Were your families happy about the engagement?
Yes. My mother was. My dad wasn't too happy.
Have you ever been married since then?
A
No.
Have you ever been engaged since then?
A
No.
Do you know what happened to the ring?
Yes.
Where is it?
A
I have it.
Still?
A
Yeah. It was my grandmother's.
Did you get down on one knee?
A
Yes, at the beach, I believe.
When you were living in Oakland Park, in this
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page107 of 648
25
So from about the ages you were 18 to 20 is when
you were living together with Virginia?
A
Yeah.
And between the time you met her at your dad's
house and the time that you broke up, did you guys break
up and get back together, or was it one consistent
relationship, and then it had an end date?
A
Yeah, one consistent relationship.
Okay. You mentioned that you moved into an
apartment in Royal Palm Beach?
A
Yeah, I believe that's where it was, Royal Palm
Beach.
A
A
A
A
Do you remember anything about the apartment?
All I remember, it was on the third floor.
And who got that apartment?
I did.
Again, you were over 18 at that time?
Yes.
So you got the lease?
Yes.
Do you remember looking for the apartment?
I believe so.
And it wasn't the first apartment you rented,
right?
No. No, the one in Oakland Park was the first
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page108 of 648
26
one I rented.
Okay.
MS. MENNINGER: I'm going to show you some
photographs. If I could have you mark this. I
guess we'll start again with, I guess we'll start
again with Defendant's Exhibit -- I got one for
you. Defendant's Exhibit 1 or A, whatever you put
on it.
THE COURT REPORTER: 1.
MS. MENNINGER: Exhibit 1.
(Defendant's Exhibit 1, photograph, was
marked for identification.)
BY MS. MENNINGER:
• Please take a look at this. There are two
photographs stapled together.
Does that look like the apartment that you
lived in on the third floor?
It could be. I don't really remember it.
The address on this is 368 Bent Oak.
Does that
sound about right?
A
Bent Oak sounds familiar.
You don't recognize the -- it may have been
painted, for example?
A
Yeah. I mean, all I remember is being on the
third floor.
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page109 of 648
27
MS. MENNINGER: I'm going to show you another
exhibit. Let me find it. We'll mark this
Defendant's Exhibit 2.
(Defendant's Exhibit 2, passport, was marked
for identification.)
BY MS. MENNINGER:
• I know this is not terribly easy to read, but
it's a passport application that has been previously
identified in this case. And in the middle section,
there's emergency contact information that says "James
Austrich".
A
A
A
Do you see that?
Yes.
Is that you?
Yes.
And it says 368 Bent Oak Drive below that?
Yes.
Does that refresh your memory as to the address,
the apartment that you lived in in Royal Palm Beach?
A
Like I said, Bent Oak sounds very familiar, and
I know it was Royal Palm Beach. So possibly it was that
one.
Okay. And how long do you think that you lived
in this apartment?
A
I'm not entirely sure. Less than a year, that's
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page110 of 648
38
MS. MENNINGER: I'm going to mark this
exhibit as Defendant's Exhibit 3.
(Defendant's Exhibit 3, Citation Tracking
Report, was marked for identification.)
BY MS. MENNINGER:
I'm going to have you take a look at this.
Actually, I apologize because I need you to turn back
several pages to - the lower right-hand corner has some
page numbers that say G.M. And I need you to go to 781.
A
(Witness complies.)
Could I have you take a look at the narrative
section of that page. If you want to just read that
paragraph.
A
"John Perkins, " I don't even know that name.
MS. MENNINGER: I guess you guys haven't kept
in touch.
MR. EDWARDS: He was scared that day.
THE WITNESS: (cont'd) Plus, when I left
there, I didn't really talk to anybody from up
there. I remember somewhat of that. Yeah, I
remember the cops telling me even though it was
under my name, I couldn't go in. And I think
later on then they got out so I could go back and
get me stuff. I think I was going to see my
animals.
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page111 of 648
39
BY MS. MENNINER:
• Yeah. I didn't know if reading this might cause
you to remember some things.
A
I somewhat remember that. I remember the cops
coming and telling me I wasn't allowed to go in my own
apartment that was under my name.
Okay. So this is dated June 10th, of 2001. And
it places you at 368 Bent Oak Drive, correct?
A
Yes.
Okay. Do you understand that to likely be where
you were living with Ms. Roberts?
A
Yeah. But at the time I was already back in
Broward.
Okay. Do you know how long you had been back in
Broward?
Not a clue.
And in this, it refers to Ms. Roberts as your
ex-fiancé, correct?
A
Yes.
So presumably the event you described where you
had a fight and left had already occurred?
A
Yes.
MR. EDWARDS: Form.
THE WITNESS: I know I was already out of
there. And that's why when I went back, that's
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page112 of 648
40
when the cops said I couldn't go in my own
apartment.
BY MS. MENNINGER:
So your recollection today is that you were
returning to that apartment to either get things or check
on pets?
A
Yes.
What pets do you recall having?
A
A dog and six cats and, I believe, ferrets and
rabbits. One reason we got along so well is because we
liked animals.
And do you remember going back to the apartment
to check on the pets and encountering Ms. Roberts and
Tony?
A
Yeah.
Were you inside the apartment when you
encountered them?
No, outside.
Did you understand them to be living in the
apartment at that time?
A
Yes.
In the police report it says "Austrich stated
his ex-fiance, Virginia Roberts, who also resides at the
above-listed address, brought her friend to the
apartment."
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page113 of 648
41
A
I believe that was Tony.
l
Okay. And at this time, the police are
indicating that you both lived there. But that's not what
you remember?
A
No. They wouldn't even let me -- all I
remember -- I remember being outside the door and the cops
wouldn't let me go in there because - even though it was
my apartment and my address was on the thing, I wasn't
allowed in there. Because I'm pretty sure I wasn't living
there. I just came back to get something.
Do you know how long after you left you were
coming back to get something?
A
I don't remember.
• If you left your pets
there, I guess, I'm just
wondering whether you intended to go back and get your
pets?
A
I couldn't because my dad didn't -- my dad
didn't really take -- like, he didn't want all those
animals. Because he already had three dogs and he wasn't
a fan of cats.
MR. EDWARDS: Or ferrets.
A
(cont'd) Or ferrets or rabbits. I think we had
a gerbil, mice, rats, all kinds of stuff. I know we had
pet store cages that we bought to keep them all in.
Because when we lived in West Palm Beach it was like a
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page114 of 648
42
little animal rescue for a while.
Did you get that stuff from the pet store where
you both had worked?
A
Yes.
A discount, I hope?
A
I feel like every time I went to the pet store,
I got a new animal. Still do the same thing.
Do you have pets today?
A
Oh, yeah. I have dogs.
have six cats and three birds.
I have two dogs.
We
No reptiles?
A
No. No, I don't really like ---
Is that a different kind of pet owner?
A
Well, I had reptiles in West Palm Beach.
They
are too hard to take care of.
Spiders?
A No, I don't want to be -- I have enough spiders
where I live. I don't need pet spiders.
Okay. All right.
Do you remember Tony punching you in the
face?
A
I don't remember.
You see that's what the police report says?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. He might have. I don't
A
remember.
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page115 of 648
43
And the police observed you to have minor
swelling and a large red mark. Does that sound accurate?
A
From according to what it says, yeah. I don't
really remember that. I remember being at the door and
the cops coming and telling me I can't go in there. Once
I read that, that's really all I remember.
Do you believe that whatever altercation you had
took place within the apartment or outside the apartment?
In the doorway at the most. I never went inside
that apartment when that was happening, not I remember.
Do you ever get to see those pets again?
A
Yes. I think later on, they both left for the
day and let me go in and see my pets.
Now, this indicates
that the police were there
at about 9:20 in the evening, and you were there with
Mr. Perkins. But you don't remember Mr. Perkins?
A
No. If it would have said "Josh" I think that
might be a name I remember. But John -- I know we had two
friends up there. John could have been one of them, but I
don't really remember. John Perkins. That's so weird.
The police report also indicates that
Mr. Figueroa observed Perkins on the telephone and fled
the scene prior to arrival. Do you remember that?
A
No. I don't remember "Perkins". As soon as I
saw that name, I'm like "Who the hell is John Perkins?"
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page116 of 648
44
All right. If you can turn to the next page.
The police report continues that they made numerous
attempts
to contact you and Mr. Perkins, whoever he is --
A
Yeah.
-- and Ms. Roberts at the residence or on the
phone, but had not been able to do that?
If they called the residence, I wasn't living
there. And I don't remember them ever trying to call me
in Broward.
• Do you know if you had a cell phone? This was
back in '01. I don't even know if I had a cellphone in
'01?
A
Yeah, I really couldn't tell ya'.
Okay. So your best recollection, after
reviewing this report, is that you had left on a previous
date and came back on this date to see your pets?
A
Yeah, yeah.
And that you were ultimately able to get in and
see the pets?
A
Later on, yes.
Okay. Like, the same day or --
A
Later on. I don't really remember how much
longer --- how many days later, or something. Not too
long.
And when you came back at that later time, you
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page117 of 648
45
did not encounter Ms. Roberts?
A
No, nobody was in the house but my animals.
• And since that time you have not had any contact
with Ms. Roberts?
A
No.
Okay. What was your opinion of Tony?
MR. EDWARDS: Form.
THE WITNESS: An idiot. That's all I really
remember.
BY MS. MENNINGER:
Did you believe him to be using drugs?
A
Yes.
Do you know what kind?
A
Whatever he could get.
When Ms. Roberts started hanging out with Tony
again, did you then believe her to be using drugs?
A
Yes.
MR. EDWARDS: Form.
BY MS. MENNINGER:
What caused you to have that belief?
Actions.
MR. EDWARDS:
Same objection.
BY MS. MENNINGER:
What kinds of actions?
I don't remember. All I remember is that's what
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page118 of 648
56
A
Sorry.
l
You're still under oath, do you remember?
A
Yes.
Okay. So you were referring a little bit to the
time that Ms. Roberts worked for Jeff?
A
Yes.
You knew him as Jeff or Jeffrey?
A
I remember Jeff. It could have been Jeffrey.
Okay. Tell me what you recall about Ms. Roberts
going to work for Jeff.
A
I don't remember much of it, really. All I
remember is that she went to work for him. I know they
went to some island. I know they traveled around. And he
had a house in Palm Beach I think it was.
Did she tell you what she was doing for Jeff?
At the beginning, it was massage. That's what I
A
was told.
A
A
A
A
By her?
Yes.
Okay. Did she seem excited about that job?
Yes.
Was she getting paid more money?
Yes.
Do you know how much?
No. A lot more.
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page119 of 648
68
So she hadn't come to you before that and said,
"Hey, I'm having to do something other than massages"?
A
I don't remember.
A
She may have; she may not have?
Yeah. I don't remember.
well, why would you be fighting about it at the
end?
A
the idiot.
Well, that's because she was messing with Tony,
So the fight --
A
I mean, that's what he - the fight's what
brought everything out.
Okay. So she was messing with Tony, the idiot,
and you guys got in a fight about her messing with Tony?
A
I think that's what it originally it was.
Because she was supposed to come home, and I think she
went over there instead. That's when I found out --
that's when I found out about that, with the idiot. Then,
I believe the other stuff came to light. I don't really
remember.
As you sit here, you think that's when you were
finding out about all of this at the same time?
A
I believe so, but I don't really remember.
Do you know where Tony lived?
A
Somewhere around there, where our other
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page120 of 648
72
You had trouble figuring out what was the truth?
A
Yeah. But I know for sure she was with the
idiot,
so that's the main reason.
well, you saw her with him, right?
A
Well, I found out that she was in town, but not
here, and that's when I found out.
Okay. Not at home - not at your home?
A
Yeah.
When you believed yourself to be engaged?
A
Yes.
Okay. She was not truthful with you about her
whereabouts?
MR. EDWARDS:
Object to the form.
THE WITNESS: Yes.
BY MS. MENNINGER:
And you confirmed that in some fashion?
A
Yes.
When another problem arose at the apartment, the
police were called, correct?
MR. EDWARDS:
Form.
THE WITNESS: Other than that?
BY MS. MENNINGER:
With Mr. Perkins?
A
I don't -- all I remember is that one time.
I just did a really bad question, so let me try
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page121 of 648
74
about being forced to do things --
A
No. She might have told me some stuff, but
what, I don't remember really. Who knows if it was the
truth at the time anyway.
• And you weren't doing drugs at that time?
A
I wouldn't say no. I know at the end, I was
smoking a lot. And I might have been doing some other
stuff. I'm not sure.
Okay. Regardless, you would not have been
comfortable believing your fiancé was having sex with
other people?
A
No.
Did she, Ms. Roberts ever tell you that she was
posing naked for photographs?
No.
Would you have been okay with her posing naked
for photographs?
No.
Did Ms. Roberts ever mention Ghislaine Maxwell,
my client?
If she did, I don't remember the name. Like I
said, I only remember Jeff. That name is all I really
remember.
Because you don't remember Ms. Maxwell's name, I
assume you don't remember Ms. Roberts telling you that
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page122 of 648
146
CERTIFICATE
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF MARION
I, Karla Layfield, RMR, Stenographic Court
Reporter, do hereby certify that I was authorized to and
did stenographically report the foregoing deposition of
James Michael Austrich; that said witness was duly sworn
to testify truthfully; and that the foregoing pages,
numbered 1 through 145, inclusive, constitute a true and
correct record of the testimony given by said witness to
the best of my ability.
I FURTHER CERTIFY that I am not a relative or
employee or attorney or counsel of any of the parties
hereto,
nor a relative or employee of such attorney or
counsel, nor am I financially interested in the action.
WITNESS MY HAND this
_ day of June, 2016, at
Ocala, Marion County, Florida.
Karla Layfield, RMR
Stenographic Court Reporter
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page123 of 648
147
CERTIFICATE OF OATH
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF MARION
I, the undersigned authority, certify that James
Michael Austrich personally appeared before me and was
duly sworn on the 23rd day of June, 2016.
WITNESS MY HAND AND OFFICIAL SEAL this
day
of June, 2016.
Karla Layfield, RMR
Notary Public
State of Florida at Large
My Commission No. FF942806
My Commission Expires 12/10/2019
Personally Known
X
Professionally Known
Produced Identification of FDL
Exp. 07/9/80
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page124 of 648
EXHIBIT M


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page125 of 648
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF STATE
APPLICATION FOR
PASSPORT J REGISTRATION
Type or print al capital letters/ in blue or black ink in white areas only)
NAME First and
STATE
ZIP CODE
334010
3. SEX
4. PLACE OF BIRTH City A State
OUCTE
A HAR COLOR
19 EYE COLOR
Blonde
T ADDRESS IDO NOT LIST RO
COUNTRY:
KIN CARE OF lit app
End:
12487073
Do. JAN 12 7001
DP
02
Exp
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBE
Personal Information
OCCURATION
DATE DF SIEST E
19 HAUE YOU EVER BEEN ISSUED
NAMEN WHICH ASHER
S YOU HAVE USED
FOIA: (b)(6)
SEX FO IN: THE NAME SE
FOR 1
FOIA: (b)(6)
Pase
FORM 0S811(1707
INSTRUCTIONS ON PAGE 3I
For Approved OMB No: 1:05-0004 (Exp. 5/31/2000 Cismeted Burden - 20 Minutes
GIUFFRE004721


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page126 of 648
EXHIBIT N


Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 27 of 648
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
Civil Action No. 15-cv-07433-RWS
CONFIDENTIAL VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE
May 3, 2016
VIRGINIA I. GIUFFRE,
Plaintiff,
V.
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Defendant.
APPEARANCES:
FAMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS &
LEHRMAN, P.L.
Brad Edwards, Esq.
425 N. Andrews Avenue
Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
Phone: 954.524.2820
brad@pathtojustice.com
Appearing
on behalf of the
Plaintiff
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP
By Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. (For Portion)
401 East Las Olas Boulevard
Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-2211
Phone: 954.356.0011
smccawley@bsfllp.com
Appearing on behalf of the
Plaintiff
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
1


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 28 of 648
APPEARANCES:
(Continued)
HADDON, MORGAN AND FORMAN, P.C.
By Laura A. Menninger, Esq.
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca, Esq.
150 East 10th Avenue
Denver, CO 80203
Phone: 303.831.7364
1menninger@hmflaw.com
jpagliuca@hmflaw.com
Appearing on behalf of the
Defendant
Also Present:
Brenda Rodriguez, Paralegal
Nicholas F. Borgia, CLVS Videographer
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
2


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 29 of 648
Pursuant to Notice and the Federal Rules
of Civil Procedure, the VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE, called by Defendant, was taken on
Tuesday, May 3, 2016, commencing at 9:00 a.m., at 150
East 10th Avenue, Denver, Colorado, before Kelly A.
Mackereth, Certified Shorthand Reporter, Registered
Professional Reporter, Certified Realtime Reporter
and Notary Public within Colorado.
**
IND
***
EX
EXAMINATION
MS. MENNINGER
PRODUCTION REQUEST (S) :
(None.)
PAGE
8
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
3


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 30 of 648
INDEX OF EXHIBITS
DESCRIPTION
Exhibit 1
INITIAL
REFERENCE
17
Exhibit 2
Exhibit 3
Exhibit 4
Exhibit 5
Exhibit 6
Exhibit 7
Exhibit 8
Exhibit 9
Complaint and Demand for Jury
Trial re Jane Doe No. 102 v.
Jeffrey Epstein
Jane Doe #3 and Jane Doe #4's
Motion Pursuant to Rule 21 for
Joinder in Action
21
Declaration of Virginia I.
Giuffre re Jane Doe #1 and Jane
Doe #2 vs. United states of
America
23
Declaration of Jane Doe 3 re
Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 vs.
United States of America
Declaration of Virginia Giuffre
re Bradley J. Edwards and
Paul G. Cassell vs. Alan M.
Dershowitz
31
33
FBI documentation, date of entry
36
7/5/13
Document titled Telecon,
39
Participants Jack Scarola, Brad
Edwards, Virginia Roberts. Re
Edwards adv. Epstein, 4/7/11,
(23 pages of transcription)
The Billionaire's Playboy Club,
By Virginia Roberts
41
Plaintiff's Response and
Objections to Defendant's First
Set of Discovery Requests to
Plaintiff re Giuffre v. Maxwell
44
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
4


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 31 of 648
DESCRIPTION
Exhibit 10
INITIAL
REFERENCE
46
Exhibit 11
Exhibit 12
Exhibit 13
Exhibit 14
Exhibit 15
Exhibit 16
Exhibit 17
Exhibit 18
Exhibit 19
Exhibit 20
Plaintiff's Supplemental
Response and Objections to
Defendant's First Set of
Discovery Requests to Plaintiff
Undated Declaration of Virginia
Giuffre re Plaintiff's
Supplemental Response and
Objections to Defendant's First
Set of Discovery Requests served
on March 22, 2016
Plaintiff's Second Amended
Supplemental Response and
Objections to Defendant's First
Set of Discovery Requests to
Plaintiff
Mrs. Virginia Giuffre resume
Compilation of e-mails re Open
Position - Virginia Giuffre
Virginia Lee Roberts passport
application
Composite of e-mail strings
Compilation of e-mails between
Giuffre and Silva and others
Compilation of e-mails between
Virginia Giuffre and Sandra
White
Compilation of e-mails between
Marianne Strong and Virginia
Giuffre
Compilation of e-mails between
Virginia Roberts and Jason
Richards
46
47
67
68
180
251
259
265
269
276
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
5


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 32 of 648
DESCRIPTION
Exhibit 21
INITIAL
REFERENCE
284
Exhibit 22
Exhibit 23
Exhibit 24
Exhibit 26
Exhibit 27
Compilation of e-mails between
Sharon Churcher and Virginia
Giuffre
Compilation of e-mails among
Sharon Churcher, Michael Thomas,
Virginia Giuffre and others
287
Compilation of May 2011 e-mails
288
among Sharon Churcher, Virginia
Giuffre, Paulo Silva and others
Compilation of June 2011 e-mails 289
between Virginia Giuffre and
Sharon Churcher
PR Hub Statement on Behalf of
300
Ghislaine Maxwell article
1/2/15 e-mail from Ross Gow to
309
Io Whom It May Concern
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 33 of 648
January 19th, 2015?
A
At the very top of the page it says
January 21st, 2015.
The date it was filed. Is there a date
just above the signature block?
A
Oh, yes, sorry. Yes, there is.
And what date -- what date was that?
A
The 19th day of January, 2015.
Okay. And this document is something that
you believe contains the truth, correct?
A
To the best of my knowledge at the time,
yes.
All right. Did something change between
the time then and today that makes you believe that
it's not all accurate?
well, as you can see, in line 4 on page 1,
I wasn't aware of my dates. I was just doing the
best to guesstimate when I actually met them.
Since then I've been able to find out that
through my Mar-a-Lago records that it was actually
the summer of 2000, not the summer of 1999.
oh, I'm sorry. Are you back on page 1?
A
On the first page.
Okay.
A
Yes.
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
25


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Case 18-28G8D Bdamda Couri Repenting 8282deop age 34 of 648
A
And you're talking about line 4?
Line 4.
Paragraph 4 or line 4?
Oh, sorry. Number 4, the paragraph
A
number 4.
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Okay. And what part of paragraph 4 do you
now believe to be untrue?
A
In approximately --
MR. EDWARDS: Object to the form.
You can answer.
A
In approximately 1999 when I was 15 years
old I met Ghislaine Maxwell.
(BY MS. MENNINGER) Okay.
A
I now know that it was 2000, that I was 16
years old when I met Ghislaine Maxwell.
So when you signed this document under
penalty of perjury stating that it was true, you no
longer believe that to be true, correct?
A
It was an honest mistake. We had no idea
how to pinpoint without any kind of records or dates
or anything like that. I was just going back
chronologically through time. And that's the best
time that I thought it was. And now I know the
facts, so it's good to know.
So you now believe that a document you
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
26


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 35 of 648
filed under oath is no longer true, correct?
MR. EDWARDS: Object to the form.
I wouldn't say that it wasn't true. I was
just unaware of the times and the dates.
(BY MS. MENNINGER) Again, is there more
than one truth, Ms. Roberts?
A
No, there's no more than one truth.
All right. So a document in which you
swore that you were 15 years old when you met
Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell is an untrue statement,
correct?
MR. EDWARDS: Object to the form.
A
It's not that it's an untrue statement.
It was a mistake. So it wasn't intentionally trying
to say something that wasn't true. It was to my best
knowledge that I thought it was 1999. And when I got
my records from Mar-a-Lago I was able to find out
that it was 2000. And this was entered before I
found out the actual dates that I did work at
Mar-a-Lago.
(BY MS. MENNINGER)
Okay. So a document
that you filed under oath --
A
Um-hum.
-- is now, you believe to be untrue,
correct?
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
27


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D Bdamda Couri Repenting 8282deop age 36 of 648
MR. EDWARDS: Objection. Asked and
answered.
(BY MS. MENNINGER) You may answer.
MR. EDWARDS: Answer again.
A
Again, I wouldn't say it's untrue. Untrue
would mean that I would have lied. And I didn't lie.
This was my best knowledge at the time. And I did my
very best to try to pinpoint time periods going back
such a long time ago.
It wasn't until I found the facts that I
worked at Mar-a-Lago in 2000 that I was able to
figure that out.
(BY MS. MENNINGER) And approximately when
did you learn those facts about the dates you worked
at Mar-a-Lago?
A
I would say it was mid-2015.
Mid-2015 is the first time you became
aware of the dates --
A
I don't know the exact --
A
If you could just let me finish.
I'm sorry.
That's all right. Approximately mid-2015
when you learned the true dates that you had worked
at Mar-a-Lago?
A
That's correct.
Sorry.
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
28


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D adanda CouriRereoting 8282000P agel 37 of 648
a lot of the circumstances that I had been subjected
to, I decided I wanted to get my GED.
Okay. So you were going to an actual
school to get your GED, that's what you're saying?
A
Yes.
And that school, whatever it was, where
you were getting your GED was not Palm Beach High
School, right?
A
No.
And it -- whatever the school was where
you were getting your GED took a summer break?
A
I believe so, yes.
And that was in 2000?
A
Now that we know the right dates, yes.
And that's when your dad helped you get a
quote-unquote summer job?
Yes.
All right. And that summer job was
Mar-a-Lago?
A
Yes.
Okay. Now tell me how you sort of came
into Mar-a-Lago for the first time? He asked you to
come? They called you? What happened?
A
My dad was very liked there. So I think
he talked to the people who were in HR. And then
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
57


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282000P agel 38 of 648
mic higher up on your jacket, please?
THE DEPONENT: Sure.
THE VIDEOGRAPHER: Thank you.
THE DEPONENT: Tell me if that's okay.
Better?
A
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Okay. Page 40?
(BY MS. MENNINGER) Right. Do you see the
first full paragraph on that page?
A
I do.
The first line begins: I spent my sweet
16th birthday on his island in the Caribbean next to
Little (sic) St. James Isle. He liked to call it
Little St. Jeff's. His ego was enormous as his
appetite for fornicating.
Do you see that sentence?
A
I do.
That is not true, correct? You were not
spending your sweet 16th birthday on Little St. James
Isle, correct?
A
Based on my knowledge at the time that I
wrote this manuscript, I thought I did spend my 16th
birthday there. And so I put it down in there as
that. Now I know that it wasn't my 16th birthday.
Or your sweet 16th birthday?
A
well, we --
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
101


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 39 of 648
MR. EDWARDS: Object to the form.
Harassing.
(BY MS. MENNINGER) Was it your sweet 16th
birthday?
Is it not custom to call your 16th
birthday sweet? Have you never heard that saying
before?
Was it your sweet 16th birthday,
Ms. Giuffre?
As we --
MR. EDWARDS: She's answered the question.
It's been asked and answered.
MS. MENNINGER: She asked me a question,
actually. You're not testifying here.
(BY MS. MENNINGER) Was it your sweet 16th
birthday?
As I thought, in the manuscript when I
wrote it, I thought it was my sweet 16th birthday.
Okay. Now that you know it wasn't, where
did you spend your sweet 16th birthday?
A
well, I don't know.
Well, just give us your best guess.
MR. EDWARDS: Objection. And she's not
going to guess today. She's going to tell you the
answers as she remembers them.
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
102


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 40 of 648
A
Again, I don't know.
Do you recall any present you actually got
on your sweet 16th birthday?
A
No, I don't. I don't know where I spent
it, who I spent it with or what I got. I'm sorry.
How long did you work at Mar-a-Lago?
A
Best of my recollection, it was a summer
job. I believe I started in June. And I think I
only worked there approximately two weeks, two, three
weeks.
How many hours a week did you work?
A
I want to say it was a -- I want to say
it's a full-time job.
Do you recall it being a full-time job?
A
It was a summer job, but just thinking
back, my dad used to bring me in and bring me home.
So he worked full time, all day. So -- and I didn't
lounge around Mar-a-Lago so, yes, I think it would
have been a full-time job.
And how much did you make per hour?
Approximately, I think I remember making
A
$9 an hour.
The bracelet and earrings you got for your
birthday, some birthday, on Little -- or where was
that birthday party, at Little St. James?
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
104


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D Bdamda Couri Repenting 8282deop age 41 of 648
Which brother?
A
Sky.
What about your other brother?
A
I think he had moved out by then.
What forms of communication did you have?
Just a home phone number, or what?
A
Yeah, there was a home phone.
When do you recall ever getting a cell
phone?
A
The first cell phone I ever got was the
one that Ghislaine gave to me.
So you never had - your parents, did they
have ones when you were working at Mar-a-Lago?
A
No, my dad used to -- like, we had phones
in the spa and maintenance area and so on, so forth.
And you could, so to speak, page people from around
the courts.
Okay. So tell me what you recall of the
first conversation that you had with Ghislaine
Maxwell.
I'm sitting there reading my book about
massage therapy, as I'm working in the spa. And I'm
getting my GE -- well, I was in the process of
getting my GED before I went to my summer job. I
decided that I would like to become a massage
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
113


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D Bdamda Couri Repenting 8282deop agel 42 of 648
A
A
A
A
Yes.
Who else was at home when you got home?
My mom, my dad and my brother.
Which brother?
Sky.
And anyone else who was there at the time?
I believe Michael might have been living
with me at that time.
So he might have been there.
Do you recall if he was there when you got
home?
I don't really remember. I remember what
I did when I got home, that I basically made a
beeline for the bathroom.
Let me ask you a question. Michael was
living with you at that home, at your parents' home
at the time, is your best recollection today; is that
ciaht
A
That's my best recollection, yes.
when you say living with you, were you
guys staying in the same room?
A
Yes.
Were you engaged at that time to him?
A
That was a really weird relationship. He
was a friend who looked after me, and he did propose
to me and I did say yes. But my heart was never in
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
127


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D Bdamda Couri Repenting 8282deop agel 43 of 648
it.
He was somebody that helped me off the
streets so I felt compelled to say yes to him.
Okay. So when he proposed to you and you
said yes, did that take place before you started
working at Mar-a-Lago or after you started working at
Mar-a-Lago?
A
Before.
And so if he were living with your parents
at that time, you were living in the same room; is
that correct?
A
I believe so.
And your parents understood him to be your
fiance?
A
I don't think they agreed with it, but I
think they understood it as that. I mean --
I mean, you communicated to them that he
had proposed and you had accepted?
A
Yeah, in not such a pretty way. I mean,
they obviously weren't very happy about it. And it
wasn't my true intentions to ever marry him.
Okay.
A
But I did it to make him feel okay. I
didn't want to be mean.
What did your mom say about your
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
128


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282d00P agel 44 of 648
know where it was when she said to go do this.
(BY MS. MENNINGER) Okay. Where were you
sent to have sex with the owner of a large hotel
chain by Ghislaine Maxwell?
MR. EDWARDS: Object to the form.
A
I believe that was one time in France.
(BY MS. MENNINGER) Which time in France?
A
I believe it was around the same time that
Naomi Campbell had a birthday party.
Where did you have sex with the owner of a
large hotel chain in France around the time of Naomi
Campbell's birthday party?
In his own cabana townhouse thing. It was
part of a hotel, but I wouldn't call it a hotel.
Jeffrey was staying there. Ghislaine was
staying there. Emmy was staying there. I was
staying there. This other guy was staying there.
don't know his name.
I
I was instructed by Ghislaine to go and
give him an erotic massage.
She used the words erotic massage?
A
No, that's my word. The word massage is
what they would use. That's their code word.
Was she in the room when you gave this
erotic massage to the owner of a large hotel chain?
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
203


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D Bdamda Couri Repenting 8282deop agel 45 of 648
A
No, she was not in the room. She was in
another cabana.
And other than telling you to go give the
owner of this large hotel chain a massage, do you
remember any other words she used to you to direct
you in what you should do?
A
Not at the time, no.
where did -- where were you and where was
Ms. Maxwell when she directed you to go have sex with
Marvin Minsky?
MR. EDWARDS: Object to the form.
A
I don't know.
(BY MS. MENNINGER) Where did you go to
have sex with Marvin Minsky?
I believe it was the U.S. Virgin Islands,
Jeff's -- sorry, Jeffrey Epstein's island in the U.S.
Virgin Islands.
And when was that?
A
I don't know.
Do you have any time of year?
A
No.
Do you know how old you were?
A
No.
Other than Glenn Dubin, Stephen Kaufmann,
Prince Andrew, Jean Luc Brunel, Bill Richardson,
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
204


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D Bdamda Couri Repenting 8282deop agel 46 of 648
another prince, the large hotel chain owner and
Marvin Minsky, is there anyone else that Ghislaine
Maxwell directed you to go have sex with?
A
I am definitely sure there is. But can I
remember everybody's name?
No.
Okay. Can you remember anything else
about them?
Look, I've given you what I know right
now. I'm sorry. This is very hard for me and very
frustrating to have to go over this. I don't -- I
don't recall all of the people. There was a large
amount of people that I was sent to.
Do you have any notes of all these people
that you were sent to?
A
No, I don't.
Where are your notes?
I burned them.
when did you burn them?
In a bonfire when I lived at Titusville
because I was sick of going through this shit.
Q
Did you have lawyers who were representing
you at the time you built a bonfire and burned these
notes?
I've been represented for a long time, but
it was not under the instruction of my lawyers to do
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
205


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282de0P agel 47 of 648
this. My husband and I were pretty spiritual people
and we believed that these memories were worth
burning.
So you burned notes of the men with whom
you had sex while you were represented by counsel in
litigation, correct?
MR. EDWARDS: Object to the form.
A
This wasn't anything that was a public
document. This was my own private journal, and I
didn't want it anymore. So we burned it.
(BY MS. MENNINGER) When did you write
that journal?
A
Just over time. I started writing it
probably in, I don't know, I can't speculate, 2012,
2011.
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
So you did not write this journal at the
time it happened?
A
No.
You started writing this journal
approximately a decade after you claim you finished
being sexually trafficked, correct?
A
Yes.
And you started writing a journal after
you had a lawyer, correct?
A
Correct.
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
206


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D damda Couri Repenting 8282deop agel 48 of 648
Including Mr. Edwards, who is sitting
right here, correct?
A
Correct.
What did that journal look like?
A
It was green.
And what else?
A
It was just a spiral notebook.
Okay. And what did you put into that
green spiral notebook?
Bad memories. Things that I've gone
through, lots of things, you know. I can't tell you.
There was a lot of pages. It was over 300 pages in
that book.
Did you ever show that book to your
lawyers?
No.
A
Did you show that book to anyone?
My husband.
Did you show it to anyone else besides
your husband?
A
No.
Did you tear out pages and give them to
Sharon Churcher?
A
No, I wrote -- those pages that you're
talking about, I wrote for her specifically. She
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
207


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D Bdamda Couri Repenting 8282deop agel 49 of 648
wanted to know about the Prince Andrew incident.
A
So that's a different piece of paper?
Yeah, that's just random paper.
So you had a green spiral notebook that
you began sometime in 2011 or 2012 in which you wrote
down your recollections about what had happened to
you, and you burned that in a bonfire in 2013.
Did I get that right?
A
You got that right.
And do you have no other names of people
to whom you claim Ghislaine Maxwell directed you to
have sex, correct?
A
At this time, no.
Is there any document that would refresh
your recollection that you could look at?
If you have a document you'd like to show
me, I would be glad to look at it and tell you the
names I recognize off of that.
I'm just asking you if there's a document
you know of that has this list of names in it?
A
Not in front of me, no.
Where is the original of the photograph
that has been widely circulated in the press of you
with Prince Andrew?
A
I probably still have it. It's not in my
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
208


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repetting 8282000P agel 50 of 648
other terms of his probationary period?
No. He went to everything that he was
supposed to go to.
Has he paid his fines?
A
yes, as far as I know.
Describe for me the contract that you had
with the Mail On Sunday?
Could you be a little bit more specific?
A
Like --
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Have you had more than one contract with
the Mail On Sunday?
A
well, there was one contract for the
picture. And that was to pay me 140,000 for the
picture. And then two stories were printed after
that for the amount of 10,000 each.
Is that the only money that you received
from the Mail On Sunday?
A
Correct.
Did you receive any money for syndication
of the photograph?
A
Isn't that what the 140 was for?
I'm asking you.
well, I don't really know what syndication
A
means.
Did you have a written contract with the
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
247


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D Bdanda Couri Repelling 8282000P agel 51 of 648
Mail on Sunday?
A
Yes.
Where is that contract right now?
A
I don't know. I've moved that many times.
I -- I lose paperwork wherever I go.
Is it possible it's in the boxes in
Sydney?
A
I don't think I kept it, to be honest.
Did you ever refer back to it after you
signed it?
A
I know I kept it for a short while, but I
mean, like I said, I've moved countries twice in the
last two years and three different houses. So the
paper trail is lost. I don't know where it would be.
Did you receive it via e-mail?
No. I received it -- Sharon Churcher
handed it to me by paper.
And you signed it?
A
I signed it.
And then did you make a copy of it?
A
No.
A
You never had a copy of it?
Well, I had my own copy. I'm sure she has
hers.
Do you recall there being a period of
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
248


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-28G8D danda Couri Repelling 8282000P agel 52 of 648
STATE OF COLORADO)
sS.
REPORTER'S CERTIFICATE
COUNTY OF DENVER )
I, Kelly A. Mackereth, do hereby certify
that I am a Registered Professional Reporter and
Notary Public within the State of Colorado; that
previous to the commencement of the examination, the
deponent was duly sworn to testify to the truth.
I further certify that this deposition was
taken in shorthand by me at the time and place herein
set forth, that it was thereafter reduced to
typewritten form, and that the foregoing constitutes
a true and correct transcript.
I further certify that I am not related to,
employed by, nor of counsel for any of the parties or
attorneys herein, nor otherwise interested in the
result of the within action.
In witness whereof, I have affixed my
signature this 11th day of May, 2016.
My commission expires April 21, 2019.
Kelly A. Mackereth, CRR, RPR, CSR
216 - 16th Street, Suite 600
Denver, Colorado
80202
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE 5/3/2016
345


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 153 of 648
EXHIBIT O


May. 23. 2010 Cas@51@-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 154: 01484฿
Page: 1 Document Name: untitled
P. l
PANEL: -
T234
STDT: 12870606
A07. ASSIGNMENT HISTORY
Monday May 23, 2016 9:04 am
ROBERTS, VIRGINIA Is
YEAR: 16
SCHL: 3390 GR: 10 ST: I
A ENTRY
C CD
WITHDRAWAL P
DATE OD CD
DATE
E
R PF SY CL DS SCHL
DESC
GR PRS ABS UNX Y
-
RO2 101201 _ W26 030702 N - 02 01 — 3390 SURVIVORS
_R02 092001
WO2 101101 N
02 01
-
-
2331 ROYAL PALM HIG 10
10 56 • 31
13
1
-
-
EAl 081401
-
_ W32 092001 Z
02 Al
2192 WILNGIN HS ADL 30
EA1
081600
W47
081301 Z
-
01 AL
2192 WILNGTN HS ADL
-
30
EAl
062100
W47 081500 Z
-
-
-
E01
-
081699
W03
: 081699 N
-
00
Al
2192 WLLNGTN HS ADL 30
00 01
-
. 2331 ROYAL PALM HIG 10
E01
081998
_ WOZ 060999 P
99 O1
0581
FOREST HILL HI 09
155
-
E01
082097
_ WO1 061098 R
98
E01 082097 — W22 082097 N
-
01
2331 ROYAL PALM HIG 09 147
25
-
33
-
98 01
2191 WELLINGION HIG 09
-
_ R03 040797 _ WO2 061197 P
97 01
1691 CRESTWOOD MID 08
40
5
-
E01 082294
_ DNE 082294 N
95 01
1703 ROYAL PINES SC 06
-
_ E01 082393
WO2 061094 P
94 01
1901 LOXAHATCHEE EL 05 167
_ E01 082592. -
WO1 061193 P - 93 01
1901 LOXAHATCHEE EL 04 176
13
4
-
KI
Y
Y
KI
PE1-HELP 3=EXIT 5=REFRESH 7=BKWD 8=FWD 9=NEXT PAGE 12=ESCAPE
PAGE FULL... CONTINUE.
TERML: I1B5
Date: 5/23/2016 Time: 9:05:36 AM
GM_00888


/09/2019, 2628230, Page 155 of 648
Case 18-2868, Document 278
08
TO
" DISTRICT: 0000050 PALM BEACH
GRADE LEVEL: 10 PREPARED DATE: 03/31/2008
SCHOOL: 3390
DEMOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
CURRENT DISTRICT: 50
PALM BEACH
CURRENT SCHOOL: 3390 SURVIVORS CHARTER SCHOOL
PITR: SRTS12IS
PAGE
LEGAL NAME: ROBERTS, VIRCINIA L
MAILING
12959 RACKLEY RD
ADDRESS:
LOXAHATCHER
PL
33470
DISTRICT STUDENT
12870606 FL STUDENT ID-ALIAS:
PARENT/GUARDIAN (NAME/CODE) :
SKY ROBERTS
LYNN ROBERTS
PARENT
PARENT
(561) 712-1800
1310 N CONGRESS AVE
WEST PALM BEACH
MIGRANT STUDENT TD:
RACIAL ETHNIC CATREORY: W
FL 33409
00000000000
SEX: F
BIRTH VERTFICATION:
BIRTHPLACE: SACRAMENTO
IMMUNIZATION STATUS: PERMANENT IMMUNIZATION CERTIFICATE
VACCINE STATUS.
TYPE
DATE-
DOSE DATE
VACCINE CERTIFICATE EXPIRATION DATE:
DIP
ID
11/02/1983
02/03/1984
04/27/1984
POLIO
06/24/1997
11/02/1983
HIB
2. 02/03/1984 3
04/24/1987 4 09/27/1988
MMR
04/24/1987
MEASLES
04/24/1987
HEP B 3DOSE 1
01/21/1987
04/18/1997
2
04/18/1997
06/24/19973
09/08/1999
09/27/1988
COURRE INFORMATION ..
DISTRICT: 50 SCHOOL: 3390 NO COURSES TAKEN
DISTRICT:
YEAR:
1989-1990
GRADE LEVEL: NA
SO SCHOOL: 1901 LOXAHATCHEE GROVES STEM.
YEAR:
1991-1992
GRADE LEVEL: 03
GPA QTY PTS
ISTRICT-TERM: 1.426
TATE TERM: 1.428
GPA OTY PTS
CUM: 1.5424
27.00
COURSE# COURSE TITLE
3 5100090 THIRD GRADE
SUBJECT
CREDIT
AREA FLAG GRD ATT. /BARN
0.00 0.00
0.00
0.00
1989-1990 ANNUAL DAYS-PRESENT:
SUMMER TERMS DAYS-PRESENT:
ABSENT:
ABSENT:
CREDIT, TERM:
1991-1992 ANNUAL DAYS-PRESENT: 180
SUMMER
TERMS
DAYS- PRESENT:
ACADEMICALLY PROMOTED
DISTRICT: 50 SCHOOL: 3390 NO COURSES TAKEN
YBAR:
1990-1991
GRADE LEVEL: NA
GPA OTY PTS
DISTRICT-TERM:
STATE-TERM: 1.4286
1990-1991 ANNUAL DAYS PRESENT:
SUMMER TERMS DAYS-PRESENT:
ACADEMICALLY PROMOTED
GPA OTY PTS
CUM: 1.512
27.00
ABSENT:
ABSENT:
DISTRICT: 50
1901 LOXAHATCHEE GROVES ELEM.
YEAR: 1992-1993
GRADE LEVBL: 04
SUBJECT CRSE
1 SO00100 COURTH GRADE
AREA FLAG GRD ATT. / EARN
CREDIT, TERM:
0.0000.00
393R TENS DAYS DESERTEN: 170 ASPANT:
SUMMER TERMS DAYS-PRESENT:
ACADEMICALLY PROMOTED
OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT
HE SCHOOL DISTRICT O
ALM BEACH COUNTY FLORID
APR 1 2008
& Hatchelt
RECORDS CUSTODIAN
GIUFFRE004981
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 156 of 648
TRADE STRICT: 00US PALM BRACH
GRAND LOVEL
PREPARED DATE: 03/31/2008
SCHOOL: 3390
COURSE INFORMATION
CURRENT DISTRICT:
50
PALM BEACH
CURRENT SCHOOL: 3390 SURVIVORS
CHARTER SCHOOL
FILE: SRTS12IS
PAGE
2
00
ACADEMICALLY PROMOTED
OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT
THE SCHOOL DISTRICT OF
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA
APR 1 2008
& Hatchest
RECORDS CUSTODIAN
GIUFFRE004982
CONFIDENTIAL


DISTRICT: 0000050 PALM BEACH
GRADE LEVEL: LO
PREPARED DATE: 03/31/2008
SCHOOL: 3390
COURSE INFORMATION
CURRENT DISTRICT:
50 PALM
BEACH
CURRENT SCHOOL: 3390 SURVIVORS CHARTER
SCHOOL
(561) 712-1800
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 157 of 648
LEGAL, NAME: ROBERTS, VIRGINIA L
OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT
PALM ESCH COUNT FLORIDA
APR 1 2008
L. Hatchett
RECORDS CUSTODIAN
GIUFFRE004983
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 158 of 648
TO
• DISTRICT: 0000050 PALM BEACH
GRADE LEVEL: 10
PROPARED DATE: 03/31/2008
LEGAL NAME: ROBERTS, VIRGINTA L
****** CUMULATIVE
SUMMARY
AS OF: 03/31/2008
GRADUATION OPTION: 4- YR STANDARD
- CREDITS
SUBJECT
TOTAL
TOTAL
TOTAL
AREA
TO DATE NEEDED REMAINING
ENGLISH (BN)
MATHEMATICS
(MA)
2.00
4.00
2.00
1.50
SCIENCE
(SC)
1.50
1.50
3.00
3.00
1.50
AMER HISTORY
(AH)
0.00
1.00
1.00
WORLD HISTORY
(WH)
0.50
1.00
0.50
ECONOMTCS
AMER GOVERNMENT
(EC)
0.00
0.50
(AG)
00
0.50
VOCATTONAL/
(vo/
0.50
0.50
PERFORM PINE ART
(PF)
00
LIFE MGMT SKILLS
(LM)
0.00
PHYSICAL ED
(PE)
0.50
LANGUAGE ARTS
SOCIAL STUDIES
(LA)
0.50
1.00 *
0.50
0.50
FOREIGN LANGUAGE (FL)
0.50 *
0.50
0.00
0.00
0.00
(SS)
0.00
ELECTIVE (EL)
2.00
ESE (EX)
0.00
9.00
6.50
COMPUTER ED (CE)
0.00
CREDITS,
CUMULATIVE:
9.00
24.00
15.00
* TOTALS INCLUDE VOCATIONAL &
PERFORM PINE ARTS*
GPA QTY PTS
GPA QTY PTS
DISTRICT: 1.5429
27.00 STATE: 1.5429
27.00
+CERTIFIED BY:
'STONATURE:
+ DATE:
++++++++
•-at.t.
SCHOOL: 3390
CRADUATION SUMMARY
CURRENT DISTRICT: 50
PALM BEACH
CURRENT SCHOOL: 3390 SURVIVORS CHARTER SCHOOL
FILE: SRTS12IS
PAGE
(561)
712-1800
VOCATIONAL PROGRAM COMPLETION STATUS-
NUMBER:
8500355
NUTRITION & WELLNESS
TERMINATION:
IN PROGRESS
COMPLETED:
VOCATIONAL PROGRAM COMPLETION STATUS-
NUMBER:
8300310
WORKPLACE ESSENTIALS
TERMINATION:
IN PROGRESS
COMPLETED:
VOCATIONAL PROGRAM COMPLETION STATUS-
NUMBER:
8301610
TERMINATION:
WORK EXP 1
IN PROGRESS
COMPLETED:
VOCATIONAL PROGRAM COMPLETION STATUS-
NUMBER: 8301650
WORK EXP-OJT
TERMINAIION: IN PROGRESS
COMPLETED:
DISTRICT CLASS
RANK- EFPECTIVE DATE: 03/06/2002
CLASS RANK,
NUMERICAL POSITION:
CLASS RANK,
PERCENTILE:
CLASS RANK,
TOTAL NUMBER
IN CLASS:
DATE PASSED ASSESSMENT TEST FOR GRADUATION PURPOSES
COMMUNICATIONS: 10/2001
MATHEMATICS: 01/2002
COMMUNITY SERVICE HOURS: 0
REQUTREMENT MET: N
OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT
THE SCHOOL DISTRICT OF
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA
APR 1 2008
Y. Hatchett
RECORDS CUSTODIAN
GIUFFRE004984
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 159 of 648
TO - DISTRICT:
0000050 PALM BEACH
GRADE LEVEL:
10
PREPARED DATE: 03/31/2008
SCHOOL:
3390
COMMENTS
CURRENT DISTRICT: 50
PALM BEACH
CURRENT SCHOOL: 3390
SURVIVORS CHARTER SCHOOL
FILE: SRTS12IS
PAGE
IRGAI. NAME: ROBERTS,
VIRGINIA L
(561) 712-1800
DEFINITION OF
TERM CODES
CODE DEFINITION
CODE DEFINITION
1
SEMESTER
S
CODE DEFINITION
CODE DEFINITION
CODE DEFINITION
COMBINED SUMMER
TRIMESTER
OUINMESTER 1
SIX WEEKS 1
SEMESTER 2
SESSION
TRIMESTER
QUINMESTER 2
SIX
WEEKS 2
ANNUAL,
QUINMESTER 3
SIX WEEKS 3
SUMMER SESSION 1
T
INTERSESSION
1*
TRIMESTER
QUARTER
QUINMESTER 4
M
SIX WEEKS
5
SUMMER SEASON 2
INTERSESSION
2*
INTERSESSION
3*
QUARTER
QUINMESTER 5
SIX WEEKS
R
SHORT COURSE**
5
INTERSESSION
INTERSESSION
4'
9
QUARTER
YEAR OF
SIX WEEKS
QUARTER
NONENROLI MENT
USED (INSTEAD OF SUMMER SCHOOL SESSIONS)
WITH YEAR-ROUND
USED ONLY FOR WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT
(ADULT GENERAL
I USED ONLY FOR RESETTO STUDEN NE HAVE WOTHERN PEEN SCHOOL XIARE
SCHOOL RECORDKEEPING
AND POSTSECONDARY VOCATIONAL EDUCATION)
STATE GRADING SCALE FOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
(REGARDLESS OF ENTRY DATE) EFFECTIVE SCHOOL YEAR 1997-1998
GRADING SCALE,
07/01/2001
GRADE QUALITY
EFFECTIVD
GRADE
QUALITY
GRADE
QUALITY
GRADE
EQUIVALENT
POINTS
90 - 100
GRADE
EQUIVALENT
POINTS
GRADE
60 -
69
4.00
1.00
80 = 39
3.00
EQUIVALENT
POINTS
2.00
0.00
GRADING SCALE,
PRIOR TO 07/01/2001
GRADE QUALITY
GRADE QUALITY
GRADE QUALITY
GRADE EQUIVALENT
POINTS
GRADE
94 - 100
BQUIVALENT
POINTS
GRADE BQUIVALENT
POINTS
70 -
4.00
76
1.00
85 ÷ 29
3.00
84
2.00
. 00
NOTE:
FROM THE 1907-198B THROUGH THE 1996-1997 SCHOOL YEARS NOR C, DA
FOR STUDENTS ENTERING
HIGH SCHOOL DURING THESE
THE GRADE EQUIVALENTS
AND F WERE:
0-64; QUALITY POINTS AND ALL OTHER GRADES WERE
THE SAME AS THOSE SHOWN IN THE IMMEDIATELY
PRECEDING STATE GRADING SCALE.
GIUFFRE004985
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 160 of 648
TO - DISTRICT: 0000050 PALM BEACH
GRADE LEVEL:
PREPARED DATE: 03/31/2008
SCHOOL: 3390
COMMENTS
CURRENT DISTRICT: 50
PALM BEACH
CURRENT SCHOOL: 3390 SURVIVORS CHARTER SCHOOL
FILE: SRTS12IS
PAGE
6
LEGAL NAME: ROBRRTS, VIRGINIA L
(561) 712-1800
B=ACADEMIC SCHOLAR-ELECTIVE
G=GIFTED
I=INCLUDE IN GPA
P=COURSE IS IN PROGRESS
STATE DEFINED
COURSE FLAGS
R-ACADEMIC SCHOLAR-REQUIREMENT
H-HONORS
X=EXCLUDE FROM GPA
S-CREDIT AWARDED BY SLEP EXAM
9-NINTH GRADER
N-NO CREDIT
W-EXCLUDE
FROM STATE GrA
T=TRANSPERRED COURSE
VOCATIONAL SUBSTITUTION COURSES-
&=JROTC AIR PC SUB FOR LIFE MOM"
$=JOURNALISM SUB FOR
PRAC ARTS
2-SUB
0=JROTC SUB
FOR PRACTICAL ARTS
1"COMP ED SUB FOR PRACTICAL ARTS
FOR BUS EN I 1001440
3= SUB FOR BUS
EN I
1001440/II 1001450 4 SUB FOR MA
I 1205540
5-SUB FOR MA I 1205380/II 1205390 6=SUB FOR
GEN SCI 2002310
7=SUB FOR ANAT PHYSIO 2000350
8=SUB FOR PRE ALGEBRA 1200300
A-JROTC CST GD SUB FOR SCIENCE
F=JROTC AIR
FOR SCIENCE
K=JROTC NAVY SUB FOR SCIENCE
O=JROTC ARMY SUB FOR LIFE MGMT
Q= TROTC MARINE SUB
FOR LIFE MGMT
FOR BIO TECH 2000430
#= SUB FOR ENV SCI
2001340
S=SUB FOR PHY SCI
2003310
*SUBSTITUTE FOR COURSE SPECIFIED ON FOLLOWING LINE ON COURSE LIST
ELL INSTRUCTION-
M-HOME LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION
DESOL INSTRUCTION
B=HOME LANGUAGE &/OR ESOL INSTRUCTION (ELEMENTARY SELF-CONTAINED)
FY
1991-1992 COMMENTS
THE PALM BEACH COUNTY SCHOOL DISTRICT AWARDS THE HIGH SCHOOL VALIDICTORTAN
AND SALUTATORIAN USING A WEIGHTED GPA AVERAGE THAT IS
BASED ON COURSES TAKEN
IN GRADES 9 - 12.
HOWEVER,
THE DISTRICT GPA INCLUDES ALL CREDIT COURSES.
GIUFFRE004986
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 161 of 648
TO
DISTRICT:
0000050
PALM BEACH
03/31/2008
SCHOOL:
CURRENT DISTRICT:
CURRENT SCHOOL:
CATEGORY B INFORMATION
PALM BEACH
SURVIVORS CHARTER SCHOOL
FILE: SRISITS
(561)
712-1800
TIGA NANS:
ROBERTS,
VIRGINIA L
WTTHDRAWAL-DATE: 03/07/2002
CODE: w26
HOME LANGUAGE SURVEY DATE: 06/15/2000
NATIVE
LANGUAGE:
EN ENGLISH
COUNTRY OF BIRTH:
US UNITED STATES
PRIMARY HOME LANGUAGE: EN ENGLISH
HEALTH EXAMINATION, SCHOOL ENTRY: Y SCHOOL ENTRY HEALTH EXAMINATION CERTIFIED.
STUDENT PLAN DATE:
05/11/1999
PRIMARY EXCEPTIONALITY:
EXCEPTIONAL STUDENT INFORMATION
EVALUATION/RE-EVALUATION DATE:
05/11/2002
FEFP PROGRAM:
EXCEFTIONAL STUDENT PROGRAM INFORMATION
EXCEPTIONALITY
HOSPITAL/HOMEBOUND
HOSPITAL/HOMEBOUND
PLACEMENT
STATUS
ELIGIBLE AND PLACED
ELIGIBLE AND
PLACED
REFERRAL
DATE
05/10/99
02/03/98
EVALUATION
COMPLETE
DATE
05/11/99
02/04/98
ELGR
DETERM
DATE
05/11/99
02/04/98
PLACE-
MENT
DATE
05/11/99
02/04/98
DISMIS-
SAL
DATE
05/08/99
06/11/98
DROPOUT PREVENTION PROGRAM
EDUCATIONAL ALTERNATIVB PROGRMS
EDUCATIONAL ALTERNATIVE PROGRMS
EDUCATIONAL ALTERNATIVE PROGRMS
DROPOUT PREVENTION PROGRAM INPORMATION
PLACEMENT REASONS
OUTCOMES
ACADEMICALLY INSUCCESSFUL
DOCUMNTD IMPRVD ACADMC PERFORMANCE
ACADEMICALLY UNSUCCESSFUL
DOCUMNTD IMPRD ACADMO DERFORMANCE
ACADEMICALLY UNSUCCESSFUL
DOCUMNTI IMPRVT ACADMC PERFORMANCE
--- TEST INFORMATION
TEST INFORMATION:
TEST
GRD DATE
30 06/16/2000
30 06/15/2000
TAB
TEST
LEVEL
SUBJECT
SCORE
NAME FORM
CONTENT TYPE
TY SCORE SONTENT
SCORE
SCORE
CONTENT TYPE
TYPE
TAB
TA
FE 0000
PANGUAGE GE 0118
MATH (T)
GE 0000
TA
TOTBAT
MATH (T)
GE 0000
SUBJECT
SCORE
CONTENT TYPE
READ (T)
GE 0000
SCORE
TYPE
READ (T)
GE 0126
30 06/15/2000
TAB
7M
TOTBAT
GE 0000
LANGUAGE GE 0000
MATH (T)
GE 0073
READ (T)
GE 0000
09 04/20/1998 CTB
A 19
COMPREHE NP 0085
SCIENCE
ss
0000
SS/ ENVIR NP 0000
PROB/SLV SS 0759
SCIENCE
NP 0000
GIUFFRE004987
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 162 of 648
TO - DISTRICT: 0000050 PALM BEACH
GRADE LEVEL: 10 PREPARED DATE: 03/31/2008
LEGAL NAME: ROBERTS, VIRGINIA L
TEST INFORMATION:
08 04/15/1997 CTB
05 04/22/1994
05 01/22/1994
OR CONTENT TYPE
B 17 READ (T)
COMPUTAT SS 0000
B 17 VOCAB
B 15 COMPREHE SS 0708
CAP/MECH SS 0646
B 15 USAGE/EX NP 0061
SCHOOL: 3390 TEST INFORMATION
FILE: SRTS12IS
CURRENT DISTRICT: 50 PALM BEACH
PAGE
8 OF
CURRENT SCHOOL: 3390 SURVIVORS CHARTER SCHOOL
(561) 712-1800
SURENT TYSCORE,
TY SCORE SUBTECT
SUNTENT TYSCORE
COMPREHE NP 0077
PROB/SLV SS 0788
COMPREHE Nº 0032
PROB/SLV NP 0070
PROB/SLV SS 0667
USAGE/EX SS 0742
02 04/16/1991
02 04/16/1991
CTB
COMPUTAT SS 0667
SCIENCE SS 0707
SS/ENVIR NP 0034
WR NARRA SS 0000
COMPREHE SS 0733
PROB/SLV NP 0026
CAP/MECH SS 0679
USAGE/EX NP 0056
READ (T) NP 0059
COMPUTAT NP 0021
SCIENCE NP 0049
WR EXPOS SS 0000
COMPREHE NP 0085
READ (T) NP 0060
MATH (T)
COMPREHE SS 0659
COMPUTAT SS 0337
COMPUTAT NP 0001
A 12 VOCAB
NP 0070
PROB/SLU SS 0597
********* END OF TRANSCRIPT *******•
COMPREHE NP 0074
SS/ENVIR SS 0692
WRITING SS 0000
LANGUAGE NP 0050
COMPREHE NP 0051
VOCAB
SS 0663
PROB/SLV NP 0025
************
GIUFFRE004988
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page163 of 648
EXHIBIT P


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019.
, 2628230, Page164 ot 648
Video Deposition of Tony Figueroa (Volume 1)
1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
CASE: 15-cv-07433-RWS
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE,
Plaintiff,
V.
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Defendant.
VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF TONY FIGUEROA
Volume 1 of 2
Pages 1 - 157
Taken at the Instance of the Defendant
DATE:
TIME:
PLACE:
Friday, June 24, 2016
Commenced: 8:59 a.m.
Concluded: 1:22 p.m.
Southern Reporting Company
B. Paul Katz Professional Center
SunTrust Building
One Florida Park Drive Soutl
Palm Coast, Florida 32137
REPORTED BY:
LEANNE W. FITZGERALD, FPR
Florida Professional Reporter
Court Reporter and Notary Public
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Documen Depos, in of Tony Figura uera Page Pege165 of 648
APPEARANCE OF COUNSEL
2
ON BEHALF OF THE PLAINTIFF:
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, Esquire
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L.
425 North Andrews Avenue
Ft. Lauderdale, Florida
33301
954-524-2820
Brad@pathtojustice.com
ON BEHALF OF THE DEFENDANT:
LAURA A. MENNINGER, Esquire
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C.
150 East 10th Avenue
Denver, Colorado 80203
303-831-7364
Lmenninger@hmflaw.com; Nsimmons@hmflaw.com
Also appearing:
Jenny Martin, Videographer from Abel
Virginia Giuffre, Plaintiff
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Docundeo Depos on 0 tony 9 ra 30, 19e 166 of 648
INDEX
3
VOLUME 1 (pages 1 - 157)
TONY FIGUEROA
OATH OF REPORTER
Direct Examination by Ms. Menninger
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER
5
156
157
VOLUME 2 (Pages 158 - 258)
TONY FIGUEROA
Cross-Examination by Mr. Edwards
Redirect Examination by Ms. Menninger
Recross-Examination by Mr.
Edwards
Further Direct Examination by
Ms. Menninger
OATH OF REPORTER
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER
162
218
243
253
257
258
- - -
STIPULATION
It is hereby stipulated and agreed by and
between counsel present at this deposition and by
the deponent that the witness review of this
deposition would be waived.
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Docundeo Depos on 0 tony 9 ra 30, 19e 167 of 648
INDEX OF EXHIBITS
4
(MARKED BY THE DEFENDANT:)
Defendant's Exhibit 1
(Palm Beach County Sheriff's Reports -
Case Number 98041883)
Defendant's Exhibit 2
(Greenacres Reports)
Defendant's Exhibit 3
(Two Pictures of Apartment Building)
Defendanals Beach a
Case
(Palm Beach County Sheriff's Reports -
Number 02075321)
Defendant's Exhibit 5
(Royal Palm Beach Police Reports)
Defendant's Exhibit 6
(Robert's School Records)
42
71
77
83
134
144
- - -
(MARKED BY THE PLAINTIFF: )
Plaintiff's Exhibit
(Photos)
Plaintiff's Exhibit 2
(Passport)
162
163
- - -
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Documen Depos, in of Tony Figura ueroa Page Pege168 of 648
BY MS. MENNINGER:
And where did you go after Royal Palm
23
Beach?
A
I believe it was South Area. I'm pretty
sure it was South Area.
Did you go to another school after that?
A
Yeah. I went to Gold Coast after that.
Is that also in Royal Palm Beach?
A
No. That's -- South Area was in Lake
Worth. Gold Coast is in West Palm. They were both
alternative schools.
Did you ever go to a Survivors Charter
School?
A
Yes. I went there, too.
When did you go there?
A
I'm not exactly sure of the date. But it
was somewhere after either -- I'm pretty sure it
was -- maybe -- I can't remember if it was Gold
Coast first or Survivor. But one of the -- I'm
trying to remember. I honestly don't remember which
one came first.
That's all right.
Can you describe for me Survivors Charter
School?
What is it like, or was it like?
A
I mean, like I said, it was an alternative
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Documen Depos, in of Tony Figura 30, Page 169 of 648
school. It was just pretty much a bunch of bad
kids, you know, who have gotten kicked out. And it
was pretty much like a last chance kind of school,
you know what I mean?
Does it look like a school?
A
Kind of. I mean, it had, like, a
cafeteria, and then it had a whole bunch of, like,
portables and stuff around there. And it was
under -- it was, like, right near the Lake Worth.
remember there was, like, a bridge that went over
the interstate right by it. But, I mean, it was
just a little, you know, little crappy school.
Was it during the day or at night?
A
It was during the day.
So regular school hours?
A
Yeah. Well, it was actually a little bit
shorter hours. I can't remember exactly. But I
know it was not like the full days. Because, I
mean, at the alternative schools, it's obviously not
up to regular high school standards. I mean, they
just do pretty much stuff to get people to get out
of school, you know, so...
Get the credits that you need?
Yeah. So that way they can finish high
school and not drop out and whatnot, so...
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663
24


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Documen Depos, in of Tony Figura 30, Pege170 of 648
You actually go there in the morning,
though, and take classes?
A
Yeah.
And get checked in at attendance?
A
Yeah.
And then you may leave a little earlier
than a regular school day?
A
Uh-huh (affirmative).
A
All right. It's not a online program?
No, it was not online.
When you were at Survivors Charter School,
did you ever see Ms. Roberts there?
A
Was it Survivors? I don't remember if it
was Survivors.
Or was it -- because I'm pretty sure
we were both -- was
it -- I know we both went to one
of the schools.
I'm pretty sure it was Survivors,
maybe.
25
Did you see her there?
A
Now, when we went to the school, like, we
were together afterwards. But I don't remember
exactly which one it was. I know it was one of
those alternative schools that we went to, though.
Q
Okay. Did you -- was Wellington an
alternative school?
A
No. Wellington is a -- is a real high
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Documen Depos, in of Tony Figura 30, Pe9e171 of 648
school, like a regular high school.
Do you know if Wellington has an adult
26
program?
A
They might. I mean, I really don't know.
I'm not sure.
l
Did you ever take night classes there?
A
No.
So you believe when you reunited with
Ms. Roberts in or around 2001, she had also gone to
one of those alternative schools?
A
When I reunited with her, no. We ended
up, like, trying to go finish school.
Tell me about that.
A
I mean, we just ended up going to one of
those alternative schools and didn't even finish
that.
So you two had both left school, but went
back together --
A
Yeah.
A
-- to one of the alternative schools?
Yeah.
And that may have been Survivors Charter
School?
I'm pretty sure.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure it probably was.
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Documen Depos, in of Tony Figura 30, 9 172 of 648
Q
You both wanted to get your GEDs?
A
Yeah.
Get better jobs?
A
Uh-huh (affirmative).
Things like -- that was the plan?
A
Yeah.
But it did not work out?
A
Yeah.
Do you know how long the two of you went
to Survivors Charter School?
A
I honestly don't remember.
Okay. You do have a recollection of going
with her, though?
A
Yeah.
Seeing her there?
A
Uh-huh (affirmative).
I'm trying to get a little bit of a time
frame on the time that you reunited with
Ms. Roberts. I know you said you lived -- you
remember being in an apartment with her in September
of 2000 -- 9/11/2001; right?
A
Yeah.
Q
Do you think you had been together with
her for a while at that point?
A
It was probably, I'd say, like a month or
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663
27


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page173 ot 64°
Video Deposition of Tony Figueroa (Volume 1)
so. Like, I'm pretty sure. Because it was not too
long after I had moved in, so...
And just to be clear, she already lived in
the apartment?
A
Yeah. She lived in the apartment with her
ex-boyfriend Michael and JJ. And I think there was
somebody else. I don't remember who, though.
All right. That's where she was living
when you reunited with her?
A
Yeah.
A
A
And then you moved in?
Yeah.
Did the other people move out?
Yeah. I kicked them out.
How long did you live there with
Ms. Roberts?
A
I think it was just till, like, the end of
the lease, so it was probably maybe, like, five or
six months. I'm pretty sure. I don't know. I'm
not exactly [sic] on the whole time frame.
That's okay. I understand it was a while
28
ago.
A
A
Yeah.
Where did you two move from there?
I believe we either -- we went to her --
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page174 ot 64°
Video Deposition of Tony Figueroa (Volume 1)
it was either her family's house or mine. It was
either one of the two. And then we ended up getting
another -- we were renting a house out in
Loxahatchee also, eventually. But we also stayed in
a little trailer behind her parents' house.
Q
When did your relationship with
Ms. Roberts end the second time?
A
When she went to Thailand and --
(Brief interruption.)
A
-- never heard from her again.
THE COURT REPORTER: I'm sorry.
Can you
re-answer?
A
Yeah. When Jeffry sent her to Thailand.
And then I never heard from her again until
freaking, like, two days ago.
BY MS. MENNINGER:
You heard from her two days ago?
A
Yeah. She had called me to apologize
about, obviously, everything about me getting
dragged into this mess. And we talked just pretty
much about, you know, the way shit ended, and pretty
much tried just -- her apologizing mainly about
dragging me all into this and having to make me
get -- you know, knowing how I have my family and
stuff now. And that was pretty much it, so...
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663
29


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page175 ot 648
Video Deposition of Tony Figueroa (Volume 1)
Q
Another instant connection.
A
Uh-huh (affirmative).
From the time Ms. Roberts left to go to
Thailand until today, have you seen her?
A
Nope.
And to be honest, it still does not even
feel real that she's sitting right there across from
37
me.
Q
Well, you offered to get in touch with her
a couple of times?
A
I know. But, like I said, it's just -- it
still does not seem like this is actually happening.
Like, she's -- I don't know. It's like talking to a
ghost or seeing one.
Does she look different now?
A
Yeah.
How?
A
Just more mature, more older.
When you were with Ms. Roberts the first
time in '98 --
A
Uh-huh (affirmative).
-- you believe that relationship lasted
just a couple of weeks?
pretty brief.
Yeah. I'm not exactly sure, but it was
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page176 ot 64°
Video Deposition of Tony Figueroa (Volume 1)
A
I believe so, yes.
What did she tell you about that?
A
I -- I think that maybe he -- I mean, I
don't know exactly. I don't really remember. I
remember hearing about him, but I don't remember
what she said about him.
Did Ms. Roberts ever tell you that she had
met Al Gore?
A
Not that I'm aware of.
Did Ms. Roberts ever tell you that she had
met a foreign president?
A
I'm not sure; I'm not sure.
Did Ms. Roberts ever tell you she had met
a prime minister?
A
I don't know.
Did Ms. Roberts ever tell she had met a
125
senator?
A
Not that I'm aware of. I mean, she's told
me that she met a bunch of people before. And after
it started becoming, like, an almost everyday thing
about -- just hearing about famous people with
Jeffrey and stuff like that, it's, like, I kind of
didn't, like, tone it out, but I just -- it became
normal, so I just stopped, like, listening to all
the details, because I was not going to meet these
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Documen Depos, in of Tony Figura 30, Peg 177 of 648
people, you know what I mean? It's just, like, all
right.
126
Was she excited that she was meeting
famous people?
A
l
A l
Yeah.
Was that a job perk?
Obviously.
She talked about it a lot?
Yeah.
To the point where you were drowning it
out?
A
Well, that's what I'm saying. It was not
like I was drowning it out. It's just I knew that
she was with Jeffrey, and he was, obviously,
well-connected with everybody. So it was not like,
you know, a special occasion, per se. You know, it
was, but it's not like it was -- it was not very not
rare so...
Did she show you any photographs of
herself with famous people?
A
No.
Did you see a photograph of her with
Prince Andrew --
A
Yes.
-- in her possession?
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Documen Depos, in of Tony Figura 30, Page178 of 648
BY MS. MENNINGER:
Mr. Figueroa, you mentioned that you and
Ms. Roberts attempted to go to back to school while
you were together --
A
Yes.
l
-- to get your GED?
Yeah. Yes.
And you believe that you went to the
Survivors Charter School?
A
Yes.
MS. MENNINGER: Okay. I'm going to mark
Defendant's Exhibit 6.
(Defendant's Exhibit 6 was marked for
identification.)
BY MS. MENNINGER:
This is a school record for Ms. Roberts
that lists the names of various schools. And --
A
So it was Survivors, obviously. That's
the only one on that list that isn't -- or that's
there that's on mine, as well.
Okay.
A
Other than the other ones, but...
All right. So you recognize Survivors
Charter School on Ms. Roberts' school records?
A
Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Since that
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663
144


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page179 ot 64°
Video Deposition of Tony Figueroa (Volume 1)
is the one on here, that's -- that's completely
clear. I could not remember if it was that one or
Gold Coast.
Okay. There is an entry date for
Ms. Roberts at Survivors Charter School of
10/12/2001, and a withdrawal on 3/7 of '02. Do you
see that?
A
I mean, it's this; right? I mean, that's
the top.
145
The entry date of 10/12/01, withdrawal
3/7/02 at Survivors?
A
Okay. I did not know what those
numbers -- I did not realize that that was a date.
I understand. And I know you did not make
this record.
So I'm just wanting to know if that's
consistent with your recollection, that you guys
went to school in the fall of 2001 until the --
A
Yeah, that sounds about right.
-- March of 2002. It sounds right?
A
Yeah.
And you both went to school together?
A
Uh-huh (affirmative).
A
In the mornings?
Yeah.
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page180 ot 648
Video Deposition of Tony Figueroa (Volume 1)
And got out of school at some earlier time
than a regular school day?
Yeah.
Do you recall Ms. Roberts going to Royal
Palm Beach High? Again, this is in the 2001 time
frame.
A
146
I -- I don't recall. I really don't.
Do you recall her, during the time you
were with her, taking any night classes at
Wellington High School?
A
I don't recall.
A
Is it possible?
It's a possibility.
MR. EDWARDS: Object to the form.
BY MS. MENNINGER:
Do you know whether Wellington has a night
school program?
A
could.
Like I said before, I don't know. They
You went there in ninth grade?
A
Yeah. It was during the day, though. I
have no clue about night school.
Q
Got it.
But you do have a memory about Survivors
Charter School?
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 218, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page181 ot 648
Video Deposition of Tony Figueroa (Volume 1)
CERTIFICATE OF OATH
156
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF FLAGLER
)
)
)
I, the undersigned authority, certify that TONY
FIGUEROA personally appeared before me on
June 24, 2016, and was duly sworn.
WITNESS my hand and official seal this 5th day
of July, 2016.
Leanne W. Fitzgerald
Notary Public - State of Florida
My Commission No. FF060921
Expires: February 8, 2018
Digital Certificate Authenticated
By Symantec
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Documen Depos, in of Tony Figura 30, e182 of 648
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER
157
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF VOLUSIA
)
)
1, Leanne W. Fitzgerald, Court Reporter, do
hereby certify that I was authorized to and did
stenographically report the deposition of TONY
FIGUEROA; and that the foregoing transcript is a
true record of my stenographic notes.
I further certify that I am not a relative,
employee, attorney, or counsel of any of the
parties, nor am I a relative or employee of any of
the parties' attorneys or counsel connected with the
action, nor am I financially interested in the
action.
Dated this 5th day of July, 2016.
Leanne W. Fitzgerald, FPR
Florida Professional
Reporter
Digital Certificate Authenticated
By Symantec
Southern Reporting Company (386)257-3663


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page183 of 648
EXHIBIT Q


Case 18-2868D Blameni Coari 80920ıng 6282000P 1gel 84 of 648
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
Civil Action No. 15-cv-07433-RWS
CONFIDENTIAL VIDEO DEPOSITION OF
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE, VOLUME II
November 14, 2016
VIRGINIA L. GIUPFRE,
Plaintiff,
V.
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Defendant.
APPEARANCES:
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP
By Sigrid S.
Mclawley, Esq.
401 East Las Olas Boulevard
Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
Phone: 954
.356.0011
smccawley@bsfllp.com
Appearing on behalf of the Plaintiff
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE VOLUME II 11/14/2016
348


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2806ID Blamen 20gri80920ting 6282000? 1gel 85 of 648
APPEARANCES: (Continued)
HADDON, MORGAN AND FORMAN, P.C.
By Laura Menninger, Esq.
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca.
150 East 10th Avenue
Esq.
Denver, CO 80203
Phone:
303.831.7364
Imenninger@hmflaw.com
jpagliuca@hmflaw.com
Appearing on behalf of the
Defendant
Also Present:
Ann Lundberg, Paralegal
Maryvonne Tompkins, Videographer
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE VOLUME II 11/14/2016
349


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2806ID Blamen Q0gri 8e920ting 6282000P 1ge1 86 of 648
Pursuant to Notice and the Federal Rules
of Civil Procedure, the continued video
deposition of VIRGINIA GIUFFRE, called by Defendant,
was taken on Monday, November 14, 2016, commencing at
8:04 a.m., at 150 East 10th Avenue, Denver, Colorado,
before Pamela J. Hansen, Registered Professional
Reporter, Certified Realtime Reporter and Notary
Public within Colorado.
* *
* * *
* *
IND
EX
VIDEO DEPOSITION OF VIRGINIA GIUFFRE, VOLUME II
EXAMINATION
By Ms. Menninger
PAGE
354
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE VOLUME II 11/14/2016
350


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2806ID Blamen 20gri80920ting 6282000? 1g51 87 of 648
INDEX OF EXHIBITS (continued)
DESCRIPTION
Exhibit 1
Exhibit 2
Exhibit 3
Exhibit 4
Exhibit 5
Exhibit 6
Exhibit 7
Exhibit 8
Exhibit 9
Exhibit 10
Exhibit 11
Exhibit 12
Exhibit 13
Exhibit 14
Settlement Agreement and General
Release
List of names
Photocopy of photograph
Photocopy of photograph, with
attachments
Photocopy of photograph, with
attachments
Photocopy of photograph, with
attachments
Statements
History of education, with
attachment
Application for Employment,
with attachment
The Great Outdoors Community
Services Association, Inc.
Termination Form, with
7/6/2016 letter to Schultz
from Hayek,
with attachments
Patient Registration
Information, with attachments
CVS Prescription Records
document, 7/29/2016, with
attachment
Affidavit of Custodian of
Records, Walgreen Company,
with attachments
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE VOLUME II 11/14/2016
INITIAL
REFERENCE
355
370
408
411
417
423
437
462
474
481
484
490
502
507
351


1
2
3
4
5
6
8
9
10
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2806ID Blamen Q0gri 8e920ting 6282000P 1ge1 88 of 648
DESCRIPTION
Exhibit 15
INITIAL
REFERENCE
512
Exhibit 16
Exhibit 17
Exhibit 18
Exhibit 19
Exhibit 20
Patient Health Summary, Clifton
Beach Medical & Surgical,
printed on 6/28/2016
Portions of deposition transcript
of Virginia Giuffre taken
May 3, 2016
Amendment/Errata Sheet signed
May 31, 2016 by Virginia Giuffre
Ad for Mar-a-Lago Club
The Mar-a-Lago Club, L.C.
Employment Policies, October 28,
1995
Page from the Mar-a-Lago Club
Employment Policies, Revised
10/2001
533
540
548
549
550
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE VOLUME II 11/14/2016
352


1
2
3
4
5
6
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2806ID Blamen Couriereoting 6282000P 1ge1 89 of 648
A
Yes.
Q
And you believe the Neiman Marcus was
located in which city?
Well, it's around Fort Lauderdale. I
can't tell you exactly. Fort Lauderdale is so big,
like Broward County? Is that the word for it?
And what did you do at Neiman Marcus?
A
I worked in the changing rooms.
And what did you do in the changing room?
A
I think I just like -- if I remember
right, I just put clothes away that people left in
there. Probably went out to get sizes, different
sizes for women who wanted different sizes of the
same product.
And where did you work after Neiman
Marcus?
A
Taco Bell.
Did you work at Southeast Employee
Management Company?
A
I don't recognize that. I don't know if
that's a payroll company or what it is. I don't know
what Southeast -- what is it called?
l
A
Southeast Employee Management Company.
No, I don't remember that.
Did you ever work as a temp?
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE VOLUME II 11/14/2016
470


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2806ID Blamen Q0gri Reneting 6282000P 1ge1 90 of 648
A
Not that I remember.
Going to different offices and filling in?
A
No.
A
Did you work for Oasis Outsourcing?
I don't -- I don't know if that's a
payroll company or if that's an actual place, but
that doesn't ring a bell.
Did you -- do you know how much you got
paid when you were working at places like Oasis
Outsourcing?
A
Well, considering I don't know if I worked
at Oasis Outsourcing,
I wouldn't even know how much I
got paid.
Did you review your Social Security
records?
A
Yes.
You saw Oasis Outsourcing listed there?
A
Right, but like I said, it doesn't even
ding a bell at all.
Do you know how much money they said you
made from them?
MS. MCCAWLEY: Objection. If you want to
show her the documents, she can see what amount is
listed and answer your questions, but if you're not
going to show her the document, that's the best she
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE VOLUME II 11/14/2016
471


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2806ID Blamen Courieroting 6282000P 1g61 91 of 648
don't know where I was living.
Okay. Did you indicate whether you had
gone to school?
A
Yes, I did.
What did you indicate?
A
I indicated that I attended Survivors
Charter School for four years and had a high school
diploma.
And you graduated?
A
Well, I didn't. I just wanted to get a
job, and I wanted it to look good, so I fluffed it
up.
So you wrote that down in your handwriting
on this application, correct?
A
I did.
A
And it was not true, correct?
Again, I'm not proud of it. I just didn't
have any other way of getting a job and I just
thought if I put that down there,
I might be
considered.
Q
You indicated when you were younger you
volunteered for six years at a riding clinic. What's
the name of the riding clinic?
A
Vince Ramos. And I'm not too sure if it
was six years, but I started off there quite young,
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE VOLUME II 11/14/2016
475


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2806D Blamen Couri Renting 6282000? 1g61 92 of 648
a former employer is the Indigo Bar and Grill,
correct?
A
Yes.
Is that true?
A
No, it was not.
On the page before that, it indicates you
went to Royal Palm Beach High School. Is that in
your handwriting?
A
Yes, it is.
And it says you went for four years and
you graduated?
A
Yes.
In your handwriting?
A
Yes.
Is that true?
A
No.
This was an application you filled out in
January of 2014, correct?
A
Correct.
The page before that is your -- portion of
your resume I think we have previously discussed, but
just confirming, you did send that resume to this job
application, correct?
A
I did.
And you indicated you had worked at
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE VOLUME II 11/14/2016
483


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2806ID Blamen QogriReneting 6282000P 1ge1 93 of 648
STATE OF COLORADO)
)
SS.
REPORTER'S CERTIFICATE
COUNTY OF DENVER )
I, Pamela J. Hansen, do hereby certify that
I am a Registered Professional Reporter and Notary
Public within the State of Colorado; that previous to
the commencement of the examination, the deponent was
duly sworn to testify to the truth.
I further certify that this deposition was
taken in shorthand by me at the time and place herein
set forth, that it was thereafter reduced to
typewritten form, and that the foregoing constitutes
a true and correct transcript.
I further certify that I am not related to,
employed by, nor of counsel for any of the parties or
attorneys herein, nor otherwise interested in the
result of the within action.
In witness whereof, I have affixed my
signature this 23rd day of November, 2016.
My commission expires September 3, 2018.
Pamela J. Hansen, CRR, RPR, RMR
216 - 16th Street, Suite 600
Denver, Colorado
80202
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE VOLUME II 11/14/2016
563


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page194 of 648
EXHIBIT R


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 195 of 648
SSA-1826
ITEMIZED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
OFFICE OF CENTRAL OPERATIONS
6100 WABASH AVENUE
BALTIMORE MARYLAND 21215
:
Date: 10/25/2016
BOIES SCHILLER AND FLEXNER
401 E LAS OLAS BLVD STE 1200
FORT LAUDERDALE FL 33301-2211
We are sending the statement of earnings requested for:
Number Holder's Name: VIRGINIA
GIUFFRE
Social Security Number:
Years Requested: 1998 THRU 2002; 2013 THRU 2015
mannanas
Control Number: 16294125319
Remittance Number: 201610240012
Enclosure (s) :
Earnings Statement
GIUFFRE009175
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page196 of 648
SSA-1826
ITEMIZED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
EARNINGS RECORD INFORMATION
Date: 10/25/2016
Our records show the amount of earnings reported, not the amount of
Social Security taxes that were paid.
Wages were first covered under Social Security in 1937.
Therefore,
1937 is the first year for which earnings may be shown on our records.
Employers were required to report earnings semi-annually in 1937,
and on a quarterly basis for the years from 1938 through 1977.
Beginning with 1978, employers are reguired to report earnings annually.
our records do not show the exact date of employment (month and day)
because we do not need this information to figure Social Security
benefits. Employers do not give us this information.
Each year, there is a maximum amount of earnings that is subject to
Social Security taxes and is used to compute benefits.
If a person
earns more than this maximum amount, the earnings statement will
usually show the maximum rather than the total earnings. Maximum
benefits can be found on the SSA website.
http://www.ssa.gov/OACT/COLA/cbb.html
Beginning in 1951, self-employed persons could also receive
Social Security credit for their work.
self-employment earnings that are subject to Social Security taxes
and are used to compute benefits can also be found on the SSA website.
http://www.ssa.gov/OACT/COLA/cbb.html
If you have any questions, you should call, write,
or visit any
Social Security office.
If you visit or call, please bring this letter.
It will help us answer questions.
The toll free number to call is
1-800-772-1213 (for the deaf or hard of hearing, call our TTY number,
1-800-325-0778).
GIUFFRE009176
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page197 of 648
SSA-1826
***
ITEMIZED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
FOR SSN
***
FROM:
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
OFFICE OF CENTRAL OPERATIONS
6100 WABASH AVENUE
BALTIMORE MARYLAND
21215
NUMBER HOLDER NAME: VIRGINIA
GIUFFRE
YEARS REQUESTED: 1998 THRU 2002; 2013 THRU 2015
BOIES SCHILLER AND FLEXNER
401 E LAS OLAS BLVD STE 1200
FORT LAUDERDALE EL 33301
*0302Q7P7V00002G*NOTAFP.X3.EMI1826.AFP.R161021.PAM
0000000000026010635696218653193301221100
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
KFC USA INC
% PAYROLL DEPT
5200 COMMERCE CROSSING DR
LOUISVILLE KY 40229-2182
YEAR
IST QTR
2ND QTR
1999
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS INC
PO BOX 32018
LAKELAND EL 33802-2018
YEAR
IST QTR
2ND QTR
1999
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
ASCENSION CHILD CARE CENTER
ASCENSION PEACE CHILD CARE CENTER
2701 N STATE ROAD 7
LAUD LAKES FL 33313-2731
YEAR
1ST QTR
2ND QTR
1999
3RD QTR
4TH QTR
TOTAL
$140.70
3RD QTR
4TH QTR
TOTAL
$216.69
3RD QTR
4TH OTR
TOTAL
$216.97
PAGE
1
GIUFFRE009177
CONFIDENTIAL
or co sol cone now was ind


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 198 of 648
SSA-1826
* * *
ITEMIZED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
FOR SSN
***
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
AVICULTURAL BREEDING & RESEARCH
CENTER
% ERNEST LAKS
14201 125TH AVE N
WEST PALM BCH FL 33418-7945
YEAR
IST QTR
2ND QTR
2000
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
SOUTHEAST EMPLOYEE MANAGEMENT
COMPANY
2559 PALM DEER DR
LOXAHAICHEE EL 33470-2563
YEAR
1ST QIR
2ND QTR
2000
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
MAR-A-LAGO CLUB LLC
TRUMP DONALD J GEN PTR
% TRUMP ORGANIZATION
1100 S OCEAN BLVD
PALM BEACH FL 33480-5004
YEAR
IST QTR
2ND QTR
2000
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
OASIS OUTSOURCING VI INC
2054 VISTA PKWY STE 300
WEST PALM BCH EL 33411-6742
YEAR
2000
IST QIR
2ND QTR
3RD QTR
3RD QTR
3RD QTR
3RD QTR
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
NEIMAN-MARCUS GROUP LLC
% NEIMAN MARCUS GROUP LTD SOLE MBR
1201 ELM ST
DALLAS
TX 75270-2102
YEAR
1ST QTR
2ND QTR
2000
3RD QIR
4TH QTR
4TH QTR
4TH QTR
4TH QTR
4TH QTR
TOTAL
$99.48
TOTAL
$3,212.44
TOTAL
$1,866.50
TOTAL
$2,037.60
TOTAL
$1,440.79
PACE
2
GIUFFRE009178
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 199 of 648
SSA-1826
ITEMIZED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
***
FOR SSN
* * *
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
MANNINOS INC
MANNINOS RESTAURANT
12793 B W FOREST HILL BLVD
WEST PALM BEACH EL 33414-4749
YEAR
1ST QTR
2ND QTR
2001
3RD QTR
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
CCI OF ROYAL PALM INC
% ROBERT FURR TTEE
2255 GLADES RD STE 337-W
BOCA RATON FL 33431-7379
YEAR
IST QTR
2ND QTR
2002
3RD QTR
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
ROADHOUSE GRILL INC
2255 GLADES RD STE 337W
BOCA RATON FL 33431-7379
YEAR
IST QIR
2ND QTR
2002
3RD QTR
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
MARC PINKWASSER DVM PA
13860 WELLINGTON TRCE STE 31
WELLINGTON EL 33414-8541
YEAR
IST QTR
2ND QTR
2002
3RD QIR
EMPLOYER NUMBER:
GREAT OUTDOORS PREMIER RV-GOLE
RESORT COMMUNITY SVC ASSOC INC
145 PLANTATION DR
TITUSVILLE FL 32780-2528
YEAR
1ST QTR
2ND QTR
2014
3RD QTR
4TH QTR
4TH QTR
4TH QTR
4TH OTR
4TH QTR
TOTAL
$212.00
TOTAL
$403.64
anananan
TATU
TOTAL
$1,247.90
TOTAL
$1,561.75
TOTAL
$171.83
PAGE
3
GIUFFRE009179
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 200 of 648
SSA-1826
ITEMIZED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
***
FOR SSN
***
*********************************************************************
********* SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER FOR YEAR (S) REQUESTED
THERE ARE NO OTHER EARNINGS RECORDED UNDER THIS
·**·**·*·¼¼×¼¼¼¼¼*****/****************************************
PAGE
4
GIUFFRE009180
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page201 of 648
EXHIBIT S


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page202 of 648
January 30, 2003
To Whom It May Concern,
Skye Roberts has been a most valuable employee at The Mar-a-Lago Club since
April of 2000. While employed as a maintenance crew team member, he has been
responsible for maintaining the five championship red-clay tennis courts as well as
keeping all of the individual air conditioning units working and in tip-top shape.
It is my understanding that Skye is relocating to Colorado. Should he ever return to
Florida, he would be eligible for re-hire.
The Mees a Bage Club 53
PALM BEACH, GLORIDA
1100 South Ocean Boulevard, Palm Beach, Florida 33480 (407) 832-2600
Fax (407) 832-2669
MAR-A-LAGO-0001


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page203 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Abbott
Acevedo
Adams
Adams
Adams
Addison
Adelfio
Adler
Aldahondo
Alexis
Allen
Almeida
Almgren
Alves
Anaya
Anderson
Andres-Felix
Annunziata
Anton
Aquino
Argueta
Armstrong
Ash
Ashenbrenner
Auguste
Bacon
Bader
Bader
Baghouli
Bahena
Baker
Balkunas
Banks
Baranek
Bariti
Beatin
Bernal
FIRST NAME
Philip
Michael
Zane
Cynthia
Patrick
Andrea
Peter
Jessica
Francisco
Genicia
Suzanne
Tiberio
Shane
Victor
Orlando
Sandra
Francisco
Susan
Frank
Jorge
Irma
April
Carol
William
Firenze
John
Susan
Erwin
Adel
Lucio
Teresa
Vicki
Michael
Katherine
Todd
James
Gail
Loraine
London
Stephen
Louis
John
Sixta
Thomas
Tabitha
Mark
Ana
Box #1
Box #4
Box #3
Box #1
Box #1
Box #4
Box #4
Box #1
Box #6
Box #3
Box #1
Box #4
Box #1
Box #1
Box #3
Box #6
Box #4
Box #1
Box #3
Box #3
Box #6
Box #1
Box #3
Box #1
Box #1
Box #3
Box #3
Box #3
Box #1
Box #6
Page 1 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0161


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page204 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Bernhardt
Berube
Beswick
Beverly
Bezwiechin
Blake
Bloch
Blyth
Bobrowski
Bocksch
Boehm
Boettcher
Bogert
Boisvert
Bonilla
Bork
Borrego
Borrell
Borrelli
Boudreau
Boukhalfa
Bouschet
Brass
Brassler
Brendel
Brennan
Briante
Bridger
Briggs
Brown
Brown
Brummel
Bryan
Bryant
FIRST NAME
Gretchen
Michael
Allan
Tim
Cham
Howard
Michael
Alison
Michele
Kristy
Erica
Joe
Debra
Cory
Jose
Allen
Sandra
Salvator
Lisa
Matthew
Said
Courtney
Baysson
Chris
Kendra
Mary
Gerard
Jody
Jacqueline
Eleanor
William
Denis
Amy
William
Annette
Cynthia
Box #1
Box #4
Box #6
Box #4
Box #3
Box #3
Box #3
Box #6
Box #3
Box #4
Box #3
Box #6
Box #3
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Christopher
Gary
Myles
Michael
Malgorzata
Karen
Darren
Mark
Box #1
Box #4
Box #1
Box #4
Box #1
Box #6
Box #3
Box #6
Box #4
Box #4
Box #1
Box #3
Box #4
Box #3
Box #1
Box #4
Box #4
Page 2 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0162


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page205 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Campbell
Candella
Cantrell
Castro
Catranbone
Chambers
Chapuis
Cole
Collins
Collins
Conroy
Cordero
Cordere
FIRST NAME
Benjamin
Charles
Dantelle
Christina
Kevin
Janet
VALerie
Deo
Jeremy
Ku
Sandra
Juan
Angela
Krystal
Jean
Craig
Rene
Fresnel
Sylfida
Vanette
James
Michael
Cora
John
Kimberly
Trisha
Tana
Connie
Julius
Joanne
Yvette
Barbara
James
Vera
Vero
Roberto
Debra
Rachael
Sonia
Deborah
Barbara
[Lonjino
Israel
Joshua
Anamaria
Meghan
Maureen
Box #3
Box #4
Box #4
Box #4
Box #1
Box #3
Box #4
Box #3
Box #1
Box #4
Box #6
Box #4
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #4
[Box #1
Box #1
Box #3
Box #3
Box #1
Box #1
Box #6
Box #6
Box #4
Box #6
Box #6
Box #6
Box #4
Box #4
Box #6
Box #1
Page 3 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0163


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page206 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Czerniak
Daley
Damiano
Davis
Davis
Deak
Dean
Deleon
Delia
Dellay
DeLorenzo
DeNarvaez
DePaula
DeRiso
DeSernia
Devine
DeVito
DiBenedetto
Dickens
Dieu Donne
Dimitrova
Dodge
Dombayci
Domnick
Donnelly
Dorsa
Drake
Drogowski
Dubois
Dubois
Dumstra
Eaton
Edge
Edwards
Egger
Elkhoury
Ellingworth
Ellis
Elwell
FIRST NAME
Anthony
Chad
Anthony
Jeremy
Eric
Stephen
Laurie
Elais
Frank
Scott
Mark
Claudia
Danielle
Gina
Sulamita
Keith
Dawn
Melissa
George
Jean Charles
Violeta
Virginia
Yimaz
Mark
Jennie
Antonio
Charlie
David
Lydia
Crystal
Adam
Adam
Jerod
Don
David
Christine
Douglas
Mark
Mistie
Francisca
Henner
Carlos
Shahla
Roy
Juan
TLanell
Box #4
Box #6
Box #4
Box #4
Box #1
Box #6
Box #6
Box #4
Box #4
Box #1
Box #6
Box #3
Box #4
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #4
Box #6
Box #6
Box #6
Box #1
Box #1
Box #3
Box #3
Box #4
Box #3
Box #6
Box #1
Box #4
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Page 4 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0164


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page207 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Faraci
Fasel
Faulk
Feick
Fein
Fernandez
Ferree
Fesser
Fidanovic
Figueroa
Filippone
Finch
Finckenor
Fink
Fiorentino
Firat
Fischbach
Fischer
Fiumara
Flores
Folmer
Foss
Fox
Francoeur
Fratus
Frelich
Frey
Friday
Frith
Fritz
Frost
Gacon
Galla
Galloway
Galloza
Garcia
Garcia-Douglas
Garrido
Gell
Gervais
Getgood
Gibeault
Gividen
Glass
Goicochea
Goldrich
FIRST NAME
Franklin
Jeremy
Joel
Jose
Gretchen
Lawrence
Jose
Tonya
Michael
Novak
Irina
Vittorio
Michael
George
Roger
Maria
Turabi
Nora
Rosemary
Michele
Pedro
Ronald
John
Lisa
Mary Lou
Donna
Jason
Kenneth
Jennifer
Cynthia
John
Mark
Allan
Galla
Kurt
Sergio
Sonad
Marcia
Dante
Rosalie
William
Marie
Russell
Larry
Barbara
Nathan
Kevin
Darcy
Amanda
Box #1
Box #4
Box #1
Box #4
Box #4
Box #1
Box #6
Box #3
Box #1
Box #6
Box #3
Box #4
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #6
Box #3
Box #6
Box #6
Box #4
Box #3
Box #3
Box #6
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #6
Box #3
Page 5 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0165


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page208 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Golemis
Gomaa
Gonzales
Gonzales
Gonzalez
Gonzalez
Gonzalez
Gonzalez
Goodman
Goupy
Gowdy
Granjales
Grant
Grasso
Graves
Green
Greene
Greenwood
Gregson
Grieve
Griffin
Griffin
Griffiths
Griggs
Grosso
Guerin
Gutierez
Gutierez
Gutierrez
Guyierrez
Hader
Hagen
Haggar
Hamby
Harris
Hartsough
Hatch
Hatfield
Havican
Heanssler
Hefel
Hemings
Hennessee
Hernandez
Hernandez
Hernandez
Herrara
Herth
Higgins
FIRST NAME
Sam
Ashraff
Augustine
Dora
Raul
David
Elsa
Alex
William
Bernad
Charles
Myriam
Everton
William
Erika
Michelle
James
Elizabeth
Scott
Daniel
Mark
Michael
Sandra
Dora
Peter
Jean
Mauricio
Porfidio
Antonio
Warren
Karen
Kyla
Karen
Michael
Dan
Cheryl
Wendy
Michael
Robert
Pete
Eric
Romy
Jason
Gladys
Alexander
Luis
Julio
Francesca
Jennifer
Box #3
Box #6
Box #4
Box #4
Box #3
Box #1
Box #1
Box #6
Box #4
Box #6
Box #1
Box #6
Box #4
Box #3
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #6
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #6
Box #3
Box #6
Box #6
Box #3
Box #3
Box #3
Box #3
Box #4
Box #3
Box #4
Page 6 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0166


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page209 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Higgs
Hill
Hill
Hinkin
Ho
Hochong
Hodes
Holcomb
Holryid
Homenuik
Hong
Hopkins
Horsky
Hossain
Hoyle
Huber
Huguet
Hulsey
Hutchins
Hyde
Hylton
librahim
Infante
Insani
loli
Irvine
Jacob
Jacobs
Jacques
Jacques
Jaferali
James
Jankowski
Jaramillo
Jean
Jenkins
Jesperson
Johnansen
Johnson
Johnson
Johnson
Johnson
Johnson
Johnson
Johnson
Johnson
Jones
Joseph
FIRST NAME
[Kathleen
Donna
Samuel
Cynthia
Stella
Anthony
Robin
Mary
Mary
Wilfred
David
Victoria
George
Mohammed
Patricia
Frank
Roberto
Thomas
Marguerite
Rose
Longsworth
Ashraf
Carlos
Mark
Gina
Marche
Maureen
Rick
Dudley
Nixon
Errol
Buddy
Keith
Olmes
Jacques
Todd
Henrik
Elise
Eric
Josh
Chad
Debbie
Laura
Jade
Walter
Cathiejo
Steve
[Regina
Elisca
Box #1
Box #4
Box #1
Box #3
Box #1
Box #6
Box #4
Box #3
Box #1
Box #6
Box #6
Box #6
Box #3
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #6
Box #4
Box #3
Box #6
Box #4
Box #4
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Box #6
Box #4
Box #3
Box #6
Page 7 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0167


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page210 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Juan
Juan
Kaiser
Kalson
Kapreilian
Karius
Kaufman
Keady
Keiser
Keller
Kelley
Kelly
Kelly
Kennedy
Kenney
Kenny
Kent
Kincl
King
King
King
Kirby
Kleinfeld
Kline
Kole
Kowalski
Kresic
Krogman
|Krpina-Zito
Kruppenbacher
Kuiper
Kuntz
LaCerte
Laidlaw
Laine
Laing
Lang
Langford
Langweiler
Lanunziata
_askaris
aufenberc
Lawlor
Lefrancois
Leite
Leitzell
Leone
Leonova
LeRoux
FIRST NAME
Miguel Tomas
Angelina
Stephen
Vince
Peter
Michael
Robert
Mike
Lisa
Mikchael
Nancy
Lois
John
Sean
Marlou
Brian
Scott
Joseph
Helen
Jeffrey
Michael
Brian
Robert
Eileen
Karen
Susan
Blago
Terry
Marija
Michael
Gary
Carlson
Troy
Kenneth
Brent
Melissa
Eric
[Box #4
Box #6
Box #4
Box #1
Box #4
Box #4
Box #1
Box #1
Box #4
Box #4
Box #1
Box #4
Box #1
Box #1
Box #1
Alexandra
Lynette
Aaron
Paulo
¡Tara
Nick
Victoria
Marthinus
Box #1
Box #3
Box #6
Box #6
Box #4
Box #6
Box #1
Box #6
Box #1
Box #1
Box #3
Box #3
Box #1
Box #4
Box #1
Box #6
Box #6
Page 8 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0168


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page211 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Lester
Lewis
Leyden
Liberte
Lightbourne
Lisec
Locke
Logalbo
Lopez
Lopez
Lopez
Lopez
Lopez
Love
Lowe
Lugo
Lusse
Luxton
Lyle
Lynam
Lynch
MacDonnell
Machado
Magerus
Malay
Maldonado
Maldonaldo
Mann
Mannion
Marcenaro
Marchman
Marino
Marrone
Marshall
Martinez
Martinez
Martinez
Massias
Mateo
Maurice
Max
Maxwell
McAlees
McBrayer
McCabe
McCambridge
McCann
McCarthy
McConnell
FIRST NAME
[Carolina
Corey
Gene
Monney
Andrianne
Lisa
Michelle
Franklin
Claudio
Julian
Marvin
Mario
Roger
Rena
Karl
Christianne
Robert
Stephanie
Mary Jane
Robert
Cheri
Thomas
Carlos
Georges
Maya
Juvencio
James
Andrew
Deidre
Eduardo
Henry
Mindy
Kimberly
John
Steve
Zach
Hector
Caroline
Alfredo Lucas
Marie
Susan
Terence
Brook
Cassandra
Kevin
Angela
Kevin
Shannon
James
Box #6
Box #1
Box #6
Box #3
Box #1
Box #1
Box #3
Box #6
Box #4
Box #3
Box #3
Box #6
Box #3
Box #1
|Box #7
Box #1
Box #7
Box #7
Box #4
Box #1
Box #3
Box #1
Box #7
Box #4
Box #1
Box #3
Box #1
Box #3
Box #3
Box #4
Page 9 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0169


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page212 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
McCormick
McDaniel
McDonald
McDonald
McFarland
McGreevy
McKee
Mckeen
McKim
McLean
McMahon
McMiled
McNaughton
McNicholas
Mead
Meade
Mena
Merchant
Merriman
Mesa
Messemer
Metayer
Metayer
Michaels
Michel
Miller
Miller
Miller
Milosevic
Miranda
Mitchell
Mohamed
Monaco
Monia
Monson
Montano
Montano
Montecinos
Moore
Moran
Moree
Moreno
FIRST NAME
Jennifer
Elizabeth
Amanda
Deborah
Robert
Barbara
Wende
Nohora
Mark
Stephen
Leo
Patricia
Sean
Marie
Paul
Raymond
Arturo
Kenneth
Rita
Uenoi
Brian
Edenes
Marie
Jesse
Bernadette
Eric
Lisa
Ronald
Sas
Cari
Edward
Waleid
Lettia
Gregory
Jill
Helmuth
Box #7
Box #4
Box #3
Box #1
Box #4
Box #1
Box #4
Box #3
Box #1
Box #4
Box #7
Box #3
Box #7
Box #1
Box #1
Box #4
Box #7
Box #1
Mosher
Mullen
Parano
Jennifer
Katherine
Rebecca
Neil
William Coury
Sony
Box #1
Box #1
Box #7
Box #4
Box #4
Box #4
Box #2
Box #7
Box #4
Box #3
Box #2
Box #7
Box #3
Box #7
Box #2
Box #4
Box #7
Page 10 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0170


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page213 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Mullen
Munford
Munoz
Musallet
Musso
Myers
Myers
Nagy
Nagy
Nakoneczny
Narleski
Nasie
Natal
Neira
Nelsen
Nelson
Nemets
Nieporte
Noe
Noel
Nolan
Northern
Nonfal
O'Boyle
Oconnor
Oesterling
Oldfield
Oliver
O'Neill
O'Neill
O'Neill
Orozco
Pagen
Pagliaro
FIRST NAME
Cheryl
Cheryl
Mariadelrocio
Hassan
Diane
Louisa
Linda
Matthew
Viktoria
Dawn
Linda
Waleed
Luis
Fernando
Holly
Lisa
Tammie
Joseph
Thomas
Marie
Susan
Brad
Michel
Thomas
Kevin
Emily
Janice
Meike
Kathryn
William
Joseph
Clemente
Mitchel
Peter
Amanda
Sandra
Everett
Nicole
Nathan
Michelle
David
Brenda
Alexander
Marlow
Arielle
Crispin
Pamela
Box #7
Box #7
Box #4
Box #2
Box #7
Box #3
Box #7
Box #4
Box #7
Box #4
Box #2
Box #7
Box #3
Box #4
Box #2
Box #3
Box #2
Box #4
Box #2
Box #2
Box #4
Box #7
Box #2
Box #4
Box #4
Box #4
Box #2
Box #4
Box #7
Page 11 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0171


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page214 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Petrillo
Pharr
Philips
Pickens
Pientka
Pierre-Noel
Pinder
Pine
Pino
Pinto
Piques
Pisani
Pisani
Pitot
Pittinger
Pitts
Plaine
Ponder
Poston
Powell
Powell
Presto
Price
Prouty
Prucien
Quigley
Quirao
Rafrano
Ragland
Ramirez
Ramos
Raphael-Dallas
Reardon
Reasinger
Redmond
Reed
Reich
Reil
Reis
Reis
Reiser
Rene
Rene
Rene
Rennie
Reyes
Reynolds
Ribeiro
Richardson
FIRST NAME
[Camille
Stephanie
Ralph
Robert
John
Yvonne
Patricia
Jon
Alex
Julie
Christian
Craig
Nicholas
Patrick
Mark
Jeremiah
Victoria
Janet
Roberta
Nicole
Kelley
Nicholas
Robin
Joy
Mona
Christy
Maria
Dawn
Leslie
Roxana
Milka
Jamie
Lisa
Amy
Suzanne
Diana
Gwendalyn
Richard
Brian
Charles
Scott
Josette
Jean
Lamercie
Kerry
Randolfo
Janice
Gregg
Brian
Box #3
Box #4
Box #3
Box #2
Box #2
Box #4
Box #7
Box #3
Box #7
Box #2
Box #7
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #4
Box #2
Box #2
Box #7
Box #7
Box #7
Box #4
Box #7
Box #7
Box #2
Box #4
Box #7
Box #3
Box #7
Page 12 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0172


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page215 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Rinker
Rivera
Rivera
Rivero
Robbins
Roberts
Roberts
Roberts
Robsham
Rodriguez
Rodriguez
Rodriguez
Rodriguez
Rogers
Romeus
Rony
Roqueta
Rose
Rosenberg
Rosier
Rotchford
Rubio
Rueda
Ruiz
Russeau
Russell
Russotto
Ryan
Ryan
Saint Gerard
Saint Surin
Salloum
Salman
Salvador
FIRST NAME
Ross
Pablo
Eduardo
Alicia
Jody
Virginia
Walter
Diane
Lydie
Francisco
Abel
Kenia
Aristalia
Howard
Melege
Jean
Maria
Cheryl
Bradley
Sandra
Bernadette
Pascual
Maria
Juan
Heidi
Kathryn
Vincent
Megan
Michael
Manes
Jacquest
Adib
David
Marian
Kevin
Elimos
Shoko
Sarah
Angelia
Terry
Peter
Melissa
Richard
Patricia
Jaycen
Cecelia
Box #7
Box #3
Box #2
Box #7
Box #4
Box #4
Box #4
Box #3
Box #7
Box #4
Box #3
Box #3
Box #4
Saunders
Savage
Schlechter
Schumacher
Schwab
Scotland
Scott
Box #7
Box #2
Box #5
Box #2
Box #5
Box #5
Box #2
Box #2
Box #5
Box #2
Box #2
Box #7
Box #2
Page 13 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0173


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page216 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
[Seebauer
Seesholtz
Sellas
Serpico
Sevilla
Shaw
Shelhamer
Shepherd
Shields
Shumate
Shumpis
Similien
Simms
Simpson
Sineni
Singerline
Skinner
Sluzenski
Smith
Smith
Smith
Smith
Smith
Smith
Snyder
Soler
Soliman
Sosa
Southall
Souza
Spencer
Sprague
Springer
Stanfield
Stanley
Sta-Rosa
Steinberg
Steinhaus
Steliga
Stenger
Stephans
Stewart
Strohminger
Stuart
Stunr
Sturtevant
Sucur
FIRST NAME
Gina
Joseph
William
Joseph
Carlos
Tammy
Sage
Michael
Catherine
Regis
David
Raymond
Amanda
Robert
Sandra
Thomas
Troy
Jonathan
Jeremiah
Ivan
Meadow
Debbie
Elizabeth
Fred
Lisa
Luis
Alex
Anian
Ginger
Robert
Sxott
Steven
Timothy
Todd
asey
Lisa
Jaime Lindo
Kathleen
Cynthia
Stephanie
Stuart
Dorian
Selvin
Matthew
Susan
Kenneth
Charles
Nicholas
Box #7
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #5
Box #7
Box #7
Box #7
Box #2
Box #5
Box #7
Box #2
Box #7
Box #7
]Box #5
Box #7
Box #7
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #5
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #5
]Box #7
Page 14 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0174


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page217 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Sullivan
Sumpter
Swan
Sweeney
Swiderski
Swiderski
Sylne
Tan
Tarantino
Tatum
Taylor
Tempfli
Thelemaque
Thibeault
Thiel
Thiel
Thomas
Thompson
Thompson
Tomer
Tonge
Torres
Torres
Toussant
Trevino
Tsitsirides
Tucker
Uljic
Umpierre
Valdez
Valdez
Valenti
Vandersloot
VanVliet
FIRST NAME
Judith
Drew
Pyson
Bridget
Richard
Mark
Romel
Priscilia
Vincenzo
Christopher
Kevin
Glenn
Kierre
William
Kurt
Ryan
Edward
Derek
Christine
Mary
Al
Frank
Iris
Elby
Danielle
Alex
Marie
Gjon
Frances
Bridges
Julie
Paul
Mildred
Jane
Box #2
Box #2
Box #5
Box #5
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #7
Box #5
Box #2
Box #5
Box #7
Box #2
Page 15 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0175


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page218 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Vasquez
Vasquez
Vaughn
Velasquez
Vidalis
Voluck
Vyskrebentsev
Wahl
Walker
Walkowiak
Wallace
Ward
Webb
Weber
Weidner
Weisman
Wentworth
Weslowski
White
Whitley
Whitney
Whittle
Wilburn
Williams
Williams
Williams
Williams
Williams
Willoughby
Willson
Willson
Woolf
Wynn
Yancey
Yancey
Yeskey
Young
Zervoulis
Zivkovic
Zorn
Zwick
Box #1
Box #2
Box #3
Box #4
Box #5
Box #6
FIRST NAME
[Sosmar
Christian
Matthew
Rodolfo
Chantal
Justin
Aleksey
Steven
Sylvia
Toni
Philip
Terry
Jacob
Ronald
James
Brian
Gayle
Elaine
Scott
Deborah
Moriah
Tamara
Jennifer
Arhon
Gretchen
Jacqueline
Ellen
Kristin
William
Howard
Joseph
Elena
Beverly
Kathryn
Scott
Dean Martin
Todd
Matthew
Milo
Christopher
Danielle
1998 terms
1998 & 1999 terms
1999 terms
2000 terms
2000 terms
2001 terms
Box #5
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #5
Box #5
Box #7
Box #7
Box #2
Box #5
Box #7
Box #2
Box #7
Box #2
Box #7
Box #5
Box #2
Box #2
Box #2
Box #7
Box #2
Page 16 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0176


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page219 of 648
TERMINATIONS
LAST NAME
Box #7
FIRST NAME
2001 terms
Page 17 of 17
MAR-A-LAGO 0177


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page220 of 648
EXHIBIT T


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page221 of 648
1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
for the
Southern District of New York
Civil Action No. 15-cv-07433-RWS
VIRGINIA GIUFFRE,
Plaintiff,
VS.
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Defendant.
VIDEO-DEPOSITION Sky Roberts
OF:
TAKEN BY:
REPORTED BY:
DATE AND TIME:
PLACE:
APPEARANCES:
Defendant
Karla Layfield, RMR
Stenographic Court Reporter
Notary Public
State of Florida at Large
May 20, 2016; 8:33 a.m.
Millhorn Law Firm
11294 North US Highway 301
Oxford, Florida
Laura A. Menninger, Esquire
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN, PC
150 East 10th Avenue
Denver, Colorado 80203
Attorney for Defendant
Brad Edwards, Esquire
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards,
FISTOS & LEHRMAN, PL
425 Andrews Avenue, Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, Florida
33301
Attorney for Plaintiff
ALSO PRESENT:
Kenneth Sarcony, Videographer
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page222 of 648
2
INDEX
PAGE
WITNESS:
Sky Roberts
Direct Examination by Ms. Menninger
Cross-Examination by Mr. Edwards
Redirect Examination by Ms.
Menninger
Recross-Examination by Mr.
Edwards
4
133
135
141
Reporter's Certificate
Certificate of Oath
143
144
-
-
EX H
IB
I
T
S
Defendant's Exhibit 1
Defendant's Exhibit 2
Defendant's Exhibit 3
Defendant's Exhibit 4
Defendant's Exhibit 5
Defendant's Exhibit 6
Defendant's Exhibit 7
Defendant's Exhibit 8
Defendant's Exhibit 9
6
28
48
52
58
116
122
125
137
(Exhibits attached.)
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page223 of 648
72
Do you remember there being a job posting that
you felt like was appropriate for Virginia or did you just
go out and talk to the woman who ran the spa area on your
own?
A
I just talked to Angela.
Okay. Do you recall whether this was intended
to be a full-time job?
A
I don't remember if it was full time or just
summer jobs or, you know, during season. It was probably
for a season because Mar-a-Lago is seasonal.
I mean, I was there year round but a lot of
people are seasonal, you know, because it's like
snowbirds, you know, summertime comes and nobody wants to
be down in south Florida.
What would you call the season, the seasonal
aspect of Mar-a-Lago? What's the season?
A
Probably from September or October to, you know,
maybe May, I guess.
Is that the coolest time?
A
Times of the year, yes.
And it's more guests that come during that
period of time?
A
Yes.
And is there more staff brought on during that
period of time?
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page224 of 648
73
A
Yes.
You saw that happen every year that you were
there?
A
Every year.
And in the summer, it's relatively dead because
it's so hot?
A
Basically, it closed during the summer. That's
when we would kind of work on everything and then make
sure everything is up to snuff for the next year, you
know.
Do you remember what capacity Virginia was hired
to work in, what her job title was, for example?
A
I don't know. I would have lunch with Virginia.
That's about as much as I know about what she did. I was
busy all the time.
I understand.
A
I didn't have time to go see what she was doing.
I didn't really talk to Angela about what she had to do.
I think that was her name, Angela. But it's kind of the
name that sticks out.
We'll just use Angela.
A
we'll use that as the name.
But we know it may not be Angela.
A
It may not be.
Just because we have to call her something,
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page225 of 648
79
A
Where did I learn that?
Uh-huh.
A
I think Virginia had told me that there was a
lady in the spa area named Ms. Maxwell. I don't know her.
I couldn't tell you what she looked like.
But just she said Ms. Maxwell said she can get
me a job with Jeffrey Epstein who is a friend of Donald
Trump, so I figured, well, he was a good guy or whatever,
you know, and that she was going to learn massage therapy.
When did Virginia tell you this?
Oh, I can't tell you what date and time but I
don't remember.
I understand.
Did she tell you this while she was working at
Mar-a-Lago?
A
Yes. I mean, after she had been there for a
little bit, you know, and then she told me, yes, that she
could possibly get this other job.
Okay.
A
You know.
So she worked at Mar-a-Lago for a few months?
MR. EDWARDS: Form.
THE WITNESS: I have no idea.
I don't know
how long she worked there. I don't remember.
BY MS. MENNINGER:
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page226 of 648
82
A
Uh-huh. Yes. It's not to me. It's up to her.
I think that's the way I told her, you know.
Did you ever meet Jeffrey Epstein?
A
Once.
When was that?
A
I dropped Virginia off at the house once and he
came out and I met him and seemed just fine to me.
I
mean, you can't tell people by looking at them.
I mean, I know now from, you know, what I've
read that he's not a good guy. But you can't tell. You
know, you don't even know your neighbors sometimes, you
know.
Do you remember about when you dropped Virginia
off at his house that you met him?
A
What do you mean?
Was it about the same time Virginia started
working with him?
Yeah.
Was it later?
A
I think it was about the time she started.
Because I wanted to see where she was at, you know. And
it was just a mansion down the street from, you know,
Mar-a-Lago. So I didn't think twice about it.
I didn't
think nothing of it. He came out. He was very cordial,
very nice.
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page227 of 648
83
Do you remember any part of your conversation
with him?
A
No. It was just that, you know how a parent has
to meet - you know, if my daughter is going to work
somewhere, I just want to meet the guy and see what was
going on, you know. But I don't remember any
conversation, you know.
I just remember meeting him and that was it and
she walked into the house and --
All right. So you recall Mr. Epstein coming
outside of his home and greeting you?
Yes.
Were you invited into his home?
No.
Did you ever go inside of his home?
A
No.
Other than that one time you dropped her off
there, do you ever remember going to that home?
A
No. I couldn't tell you where it was at.
Okay. Did you meet anyone else while you were
there at the home?
A
No.
Did you have a conversation with anyone else?
A
No.
Did you every call Virginia at that home?
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page228 of 648
85
1
2
3
4
5
6
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
massage therapy.
All right. When she came home at night from
working with Mr. Epstein, did she look distressed to you
in any way?
A
Not that I remember.
Okay. Did she report any complaints about her
job with Mr. Epstein?
A
Not to me.
Okay. Did she report them to anyone else who
then reported them to you?
No.
Your wife, for example?
A
I have no idea. Like I said, if she did tell my
wife, I never heard about it.
Okay. Have you ever met Ms. Maxwell?
A
Not that I remember ever meeting her.
Do you know what she looks like?
No.
Did you ever meet anyone else who worked with
Mr. Epstein?
A
No.
Do you remember anyone else who worked for
Mr. Epstein bringing your daughter home, for example?
A
No.
Did your daughter ever move into the home where
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 * owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page229 of 648
143
CERTIFICATE
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF MARION
I, Karla Layfield, RMR, Stenographic Court
Reporter, do hereby certify that I was authorized to and
did stenographically report the foregoing deposition of
Sky Roberts; that said witness was duly sworn to testify
truthfully; and that the foregoing pages, numbered 1
through 142, inclusive, constitute a true and correct
record of the testimony given by said witness to the best
of my ability.
I FURTHER CERTIFY that I am not a relative or
employee or attorney or counsel of any of the parties
hereto, nor a relative or employee of such attorney or
counsel, nor am I financially interested in the action.
WITNESS MY HAND this
day of May, 2016, at
Ocala, Marion County, Florida.
Karla Layfield, RMR
Stenographic Court Reporter
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258*
owenassocs@aol.com


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page230 of 648
144
CERTIFICATE OF OATH
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF MARION
I, the undersigned authority, certify that Sky
Roberts personally appeared before me and was duly sworn
on the 20th day of May 2016.
WITNESS MY HAND AND OFFICIAL SEAL this
day
of May 2016.
Karla Layfield, RMR
Notary Public
State of Florida at Large
My Commission No. FF942806
My Commission Expires 12/10/2019
Personally Known
Professionally Known
Produced Identification of FDL
Owen & Associates Court Reporters
P.O. Box 157, Ocala, Florida
352.624.2258 *
owenassocs@aol.com


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 231 of 648
EXHIBIT U


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page232 of 648
THE MAR-A-LAGO CLUB, I.C.
EMPLOYMENT POLICIES
OCTOBER 28,
1995
nih
EXHIBIT
19
Grufre
GREN BLAND
EPORTIN
MAR-A-LAGO 0178


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page233 of 648
TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION..
...
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY.
...
ORIENTATION POLICY...
..
SEXUAL HARASSMENT..
....
CARE OF FACILITIES.........
ENTRY AND EXIT OF CLUB GROUNDS/PREMISES.
PROOF OF AUTHORIZATION TO WORK.......
SECURITY..
A.
INFORMATION.
B. CONFIDENTIALITY..
FACILITIES.....
• GUEST PRIVACY..
UNAUTHORIZED AREAS
F
G.
REPORTING CRIME.
MEDIA..
GUEST NAMES..
SAFETY AND HEALTH.
WORKERS' COMPENSATION.
... .
EMERGENCY PROCEDURES.
USE OF CLUB'S COMPUTER SYSTEM AND SOFTWARE PROGRAMS. •
A.
GENERAL.
B. ELECTRONIC MAIL...
C.
VOICE MAIL.
D.
RIGHT TO INSPECT.
DISCLOSURE OF EMPLOYEE INFORMATION.
•••.
NO SOLICITATION/NO DISTRIBUTION.
INSPECTIONS..................
INTERNAL INVESTIGATIONS .....................................
OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT..
PROPERTY OF EMPLOYER. ...
...
Page
1
2
3
4
6
7
8
9
9
9
10
11
11
11
12
13
15
16
17
17
17
18
18
19
20
21
21
22
23
MAR-A-LAGO 0179


29
6g
LS
6₺
6E
6E
BE
8E
LE
9€
EE
IE
0E
67
67
8Z
LT
• • • •
.•..
...
... IS NO ADITO
•••..
.. .
..
.. . .
• . .
• • ••
• ... NOILD MaNNISIA
••••..
• • •
• ..
•..
... ..
ENVEL VIIIN
Auna rans
ANYT INNENT
• • ••
-••••
... .
•...
.. . .
..
•••
•..
INO AN NI DNINDIS - DNIINO ENII
•ENE NEIT
••.


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page235 of 648
B.
LOCKERS
C.
PHONES
D. LOST AND FOUND ...
E. GIFTS
F.
RIGHT TO KNOW STATION
G. EMPLOYEE ENTRANCE AND
IF YOU LEAVE EMPLOYMENT ..
A.
RESIGNATION POLICY
В. DISMISSALS ....
C. WRITTEN WARNINGS ..
D. VACATION PAY
E.
RETIREMENT PLAN
F. CLEARANCE PROCESS .
EMPLOYMENT HANDBOOK RECEIPT ••
EXIT
62
62
62
62
63
63
64
64
64
66
67
67
68
69
MAR-A-LAGO 0181


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page236 of 648
MAR-A-LAGO 0182


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page237 of 648
INTRODUCTION
MAR-A-LAGO 0183


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page238 of 648
The Mar-A-Lago Club, L.C. ("the Club") seeks to provide the
quality of work which will develop the potential of each employee
as well as the Club as a whole. In this regard, this policy and
procedures
manual is designed to acquaint each employee with the
administrative
personnel
practices of the
club.
guidelines provide a framework for the fair and equitable treatment
of all employees regardless of location, department, manager Or
supervisor.
employee
familiar
responsibilities
opportunities
available to make work as
rewarding as possible.
These policies and procedures should be read carefully and
clearly understood.
Each department head, manager or supervisor
will be able to answer, or obtain
answer,
to any questions
involving interpretation or clarification of these policies and
procedures. Each employee is expected to apply these general policy
and procedure guidelines
conscientiously in a constructive and
supportive manner.
The policies in this manual are only guidelines and the Club
reserves
the right to add to,
subtract from,
or change these
provisions in any way, at any
time, without being bound to the
previously replaced or revised provisions.
This handbook is not
o be construed as an employment agreement or employment contraci
ina the Club is under no obligation to provide the benefits sel
forth in this manual if it determines, at a subsequent time, that
these benefits are to terminate.
MAR-A-LAGO 0184


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page239 of 648
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
The Club is an equal opportunity employer which is committed
to prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race,
color, sex,
religion,
national
origin, sexual orientation,
or disability
throughout the employment process, from
selection through termination.
The Club intends to provide a pleasant work environment that
is healthful and comfortable and will not tolerate any form of
employee harassment, either verbal, written, physical, or visual,
on race,
religion,
sex, national origin, age,
disability or marital status.
Harassment can take many forms. It may be, but is not limited
to: words, signs, jokes, pranks, intimidation, physical contact,
violence toward any employee by a fell employee, a supervisort
person doing business
necessarily sexual in nature.
Harassment
All necessary steps will be taken to comply with existing
federal,
state and local fair employment laws and guidelines.
MAR-A-LAGO 0185


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page240 of 648
ORIENTATION POLICY
The first ninety days of employment are considered to be an
orientation or probationary period during which you and the Club
have an opportunity to know each other.
Your performance will be
evaluated during this time to access your potential for continued
employment.
Evaluations will continue as long as you are employed,
but during the orientation period your supervisor may observe and
evaluate your performance more closely and more frequently to
ensure that you are learning your job.
During this orientation
period, employees may earn but may not use vacation or personal
days, except with permission of the Club Manager's office.
employment
relationship
is terminated during this ninety day
period,
you shall not be entitled to receive any payment for
benefits,
e.g., personal days, vacation days, or unemployment
compensation.
MAR-A-LAGO 0186


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page241 of 648
SEXUAL HARASSMENT
The Club strictly prohibits any form of harassment in the
workplace, including sexual harassment.
Definition of Sexual Harassment:
1.
2.
and other such verbal or
physical conduct
sexual harassment under the following conditions:
A. Submission to such conduct is made either
explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an
individual's employment.
B.
Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an
individual is used as the basis for employment
decisions affecting such individual.
c.
conduct
the purpose
effect
unreasonably interfering with an individual's work
performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or
offensive work environment.
Conduct
which
falls into
the definition of sexual
harassment may include, but is not limited to:
A.
Unwelcome physical contact of a sexual nature such
as patting, pinching or unnecessary touching.
B.
Overt or implied threats against an individual to
induce him or her to perform sexual favors or to
engage in an unwelcome sexual relationship.
c.
Verbal harassment or abuse of a sexual nature,
including intimating by way of suggestion a desire
for sexual relations or making jokes or remarks of
a sexual nature to or in front of a person who finds
them offensive.
D.
Use of sexually Buggebtive terms or gestures to
describe
person's
clothing,
activities.
E.
Displaying or posting offensive sexually suggestive
pictures or materials in the workplace.
Recourse:
MAR-A-LAGO 0187


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page242 of 648
3.
If an employee feels that an incident of any form of
harassment has occurred, the employee is encouraged to
report the matter to the Club Manager's office.
such issues will be handled in strict confidence to the
extent possible
minimum embarrassment to the
involved parties.
any grievance procedure, the
facts of the situation will be reviewed objectively so
appropriate
disciplinary
action,
including
discharge, can be taken if misconduct has occurred.
A timely resolution of each complaint is to be reached
and communicated to the parties involved. Retaliation
against
any employee
filing
complaint
participating in
prohibited.
an investigation is
strictly
In the event an employee files a frivolous, malicious or
false claim,
appropriate sanctions for discipline of the
complainant,
including termination, may result.
MAR-A-LAGO 0188


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page243 of 648
CARE OF FACILITIES
The Club has made a large investment in equipment and
Iacilities to provide each employee with the necessary resources
to accomplish his/her duties.
It is the responsibility of management and each employee to
reat equipment and facilities with respect and care.
and cleanliness are required to maintain these resources at a level
at which the employee can and will be proud.
and facilities will not be tolerated and may lead to disciplinary
action including discharge.
MAR-A-LAGO 0189


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page244 of 648
ENTRY AND EXIT OF CLUB GROUNDS/PREMISES
All employees must enter and leave the Club at the Southern
Boulevard gates unless otherwise directed by management.
Employees may not enter the Club grounds/premises more than
30 minutes before the start of their scheduled shift, and employees
exit the club grounds/premises directly after their shift
ends, unless authorized by your department head.
When conducting Club business off the premises of Mar-
a-Lago, you
must have approval of your department head or
supervisor.
Employees may not patronize the Club facilities without prior
written approval of their department head.
II an employee needs to return to the property for any reason,
the employee must contact their supervisor or a department hear
prior to their arrival.
Security must be contacted in the event
no supervisor is available.
MAR-A-LAGO 0190


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page245 of 648
PROOF OF AUTHORIZATION TO WORK
You must comply with government regulations by furnishing
valid documentation of both your identity and your authorization
to work.
The Club Manager will advise you what documents are
acceptable.
If your
• immigration or work authorization status
changes after you begin work so that you are no longer able to
continue
to work in
the United
must advise your
supervisor and the Human Resources Manager.
MAR-A-LAGO 0191


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page246 of 648
SECURITY
A. INFORMATION -
All financial,
contract,
records and information
confidential.
of Production, and administrative
the Club
and its members
Each employee is responsible for making certain
that information under
his/her
control is
appropriately
safeguarded.
An employee will not provide or disclose office
or guest information to third parties unless it has been
determined that the party has a legitimate right to know and
the request has been approved by your Supervisor.
Authorization by the Managing Director must be obtained
before
written
contact is
made
purveyor, (current or prospective).
of any member, client,
Any uncertainties should be cleared with the Managing Director
before such information is provided.
B. CONFIDENTIALITY -
No employee shall, during the term of his/her employment or
thereafter disclose to others or use, except as authorized by
the Managing
Director,
technical,
or other
any
of the Club's
confidential,
business
information. "Confidential,
technical
or other
business information"
shall mean any
information,
including lists
of the
Club's vendors and
customers, which the employee has used, learned or contributed
during the course of his/her employment, regardless of whether
was
written or in other tangible form that (i) is not
generally available to the public; or (ii) gives one who uses
it a competitive advantage over the Club.
C. FACILITIES -
Access to Club facilities will be limited to parties
with
legitimate reason to be there. Employees are not permitted to have
visitors on the premises unless special arrangements have been
made by
the employee's supervisor.
Outside visitors
will be
greeted by Post One
and escorted to their area of business. Each
employee should feel comfortable in politely confronting an unknown
individual who appears suspicious or in need of direction.
An essential element of the security procedures of the Mar-
a-Lago Club is the key control process.
As such, employees
who have access to Club keys must recognize the importance of
properly safeguarding the keys which have been entrusted to
them.
All employees should be aware that they may be subject
to disciplinary action for any violation of the key control
procedures.
Guest room keys must never be left in your
locker.
MAR-A-LAGO 0192


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page247 of 648
In the event
of
: a breach or threatened breach by the
or C of this
section,
the Club
employee entitovision an injunction restraining the employee
be entitled to
from disclosing or using, in whole or in part, such
or from
information
rendering
corporation,
any
services to any person,
association,
other
entity
to whom such
information,
in
whole or in part,
has been disclosed or is
threatened to be disclosed. Nothing herein shall be
construed
as prohibiting the Club from pursuing other
remedies available
to the Club for such breach or threatened
breach, including
the recovery of damages from the Club.
D. GUEST PRIVACY -
Everyone enjoys privacy.
Employees are prohibited from
revealing any personal or business information about a Club
member.
o not divulge names or room numbers of one guest to another
Do not let a person
into any guest room without verifyin
with the front desk that the person is the guest registered
to that room.
All guest
floors and areas
are off limits to employees
unless
they are specifically
assigned to perform work
duties in these areas.
Employees
are not
to accept invitations from
to join
their room.
time is an
employee to ask a
• member for
• an autograph or to ask a
member to socialize with them off duty.
E.
F.
UNAUTHORIZED AREAS -
Employees may not enter areas of the building, especially
guest
Iloors,
they
have
been
assigned
supervisor. Example:
Building Employees require work orders on guest
floors.
Food Service Employees require valid room service
checks or
authorized pick-up request before going on
the guest floors.
REPORTING CRIME -
with its able staff, attempts to
MAR-A-LAGO 0193


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page248 of 648
G.
1)
person.
Notify Security (ext. 212) of any suspicious
If you are a witness to a crime,
relate to the
dispatcher as much specific detail as possible,
including a description of the individual and the
nature of the crime.
MEDIA -
Because of the celebrated and historic nature of Mar-a-Lago
and its
significance to Palm Beach, Florida and the United
States, we are contacted daily by the media (television,
newspapers,
They want to
know what is happening at the Club and they want comments for
employee
we Managing Direct tale
Manager or Director of Membership comment to the press on the
Club or it's members.
GUEST NAMES
guests
are to be treated in a friendly, courteous,
Systems or procedures are used within each
department to inform emplyees of our guests' names.
to use the guests' name at all times if possible.
guests and call them by name; however, do not be too familiar with
a guest by using his/her first name.
MAR-A-LAGO 0194


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page249 of 648
SAFETY AND HEALTH
The Club's goal is to provide a safe and healthy environment
for employees.
Each employee is expected to comply with all safety
and health requirements whether it is established by management or
by federal, state or local law.
department. In everything you do, make sure that you have observed
every reasonable safety precaution.
Most Club accidents are simple and common, such as slips and
talls, cuts, burns, sprains and strains. They are easy to prevent.
Observation
of the
employee accidents:
following general rules will prevent many
1. Report all injuries at once to your supervisor.
2. If you are not
sure how to do a job safely, ask your
department head.
3. Horseplay and practical jokes are prohibited.
4. Put equipment away after use. Don't block passages.
5. Broken chairs, Ioose and worn carpeting, missing lights
and other equipment needing maintenance may cause
accidents.
Report these along with any other safety
hazard at once to your department head.
6. Wear the right clothing for the job.
7. Show other employees the safe way to do the job.
8.
listed below:
sTand Bead, Bead, be a left safely race help.
a. Be sure you can handle it alone. If not get help.
b. Face the load squarely.
Secure a firm footing with your feet properly
spread.
d. Bend your knees.
e. Get a grip on the load.
f.
Kour straight bay an aude by straightening
MAR-A-LAGO 0195


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page250 of 648
g. Keep the load close to your body.
h. Don't twist your body.
9.
Do not carry a load so that it will block your vision
Make sure you can see where you are going.
10.
Avoid slippery, wet or greasy floors. Clean up wet or
greasy spots
as they occur.
11. Use a ladder to reach things that are up high.
See
that the ladder is firmly placed.
While on the ladder,
don't reach too high or too far to one side.
12. Place broken glasses, dishes, etc., in special
receptacles designated for this purpose.
13. Do not operate equipment unless properly trained and
specifically instructed to do so by your supervisor.
All accidents occurring on the Club's premises or to Club
employees, regardless of whether they result in an injury, must be
reported immediately to your supervisor.
The Club is required to
report all work-related injuries as soon as possible. If you are
too
seriously injured to describe
the facts
surrounding
the
accident, it is the responsibility of the supervisor to supply the
information to the Human Resources Manager.
If a member has an accident, you should see that he or she is
comfortable
and
then
immediately
notify your
supervisor,
department
head, Managing Director and the Security Department.
Any property damage due to accidents should be reported in the
same manner.
WORKERS' COMPENSATION
we all do the best job we can to prevent accidents and injuries
at home and at work.
If you spot a safety hazard on the job,
report it to your supervisor immediately.
Workers' Compensation
is provided by the company to pay an employee partial compensation
if he or she loses time due to a work-related accident.
In case you are injured:
1. Report the inujury immediately to your supervisor.
2.
Following
first-aid
sullinor irandact semedy to file an incident
report and then notify the Human Resources Manager.
MAR-A-LAGO 0196


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page251 of 648
3.
The Human
Resources
Manager
completes the Workers'
Compensation Report and submits copies to the insurance
Che Heater Concer
when you lose work time because of an injury
on the job, a medical certificate from your doctor or
Center must be submitted
to the Human
Resources Manager with a return to work date prior to
return to work.
Remember to report all inturies lamediately though the
now small they may be, to your supervisor.
injury may seem small
at first,
it may become serious
later, and result in lost work time.
MAR-A-LAGO 0197


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page252 of 648
EMERGENCY PROCEDURES:
Adhere to the following procedures in emergency situations:
A.
FIRE -- In case of fire or smoke: STAY CALM
1. Pull fire alarm
2.
Dial Security at Extension 212 and give location of fire,
(closest room number,
floor, type of fire or smoke),
remain on
• the phone to give additional information as
required.
3.
When the fire department or Club fire brigade arrives,
direct them to the location. Remember, most persons
die from
Stay low to the
smoke
or fire
at lower levels, turt
around and walk up
to clearer air, or use another exit.
4.
Be certain to follow instructions of the fire department
and the Club fire brigade in order to ensure the safety
of all guests and employees.
B.
BOMB SCARE OR WARNING
You all know your own work areas, and are usually aware of
any unfamiliar items.
A bomb may be concealed in a length
of pipe,
small parcel, suitcase or paper bag.
When a
suspicious item is discovered DO NOT TOUCH and report
immediately to:
1. Club operator - dial 300
2.
Security - dial 212
C.
GUEST ILLNESS
- Follow the same procedures as listed above.
The most important thing to remember in an emergency is
DO NOT PANICI
USE OF CLUB'S COMPUTER SYSTEM AND SOFIWARE PROGRAMS:
A.
GENERAL
aystem pogrape on a by many englayen and 10 acaportant
component of the club.
In order to protect this valuable
MAR-A-LAGO 0198


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page253 of 648
information, no employee is allowed to bring to work any computer
games,
hardware, programs or software which is not licensed and
registered under the Club name, or install or otherwise use any
such items unless they have been approved in advance, in writing,
by the Managing Director.
The reason for this is simple. Outside
programs may contain viruses which can disrupt or destroy our
computer system. Even if you are sure that the program you bring
does not contain a virus, and that it would not damage our
computer system, you are
not to use any outside program without
written advance
approval. If software programs are not properly
registered, there may be criminal and civil penalties for their
use.
In addition, the Club has noted that some computer programs
also contain games or programs which are not related to the work
of the Club.
These programs are not to be played by any employee
at any time
during the work day. Only computer programs that are
directly related to the work of the Club are to be used on Club
computers.
No employee is authorized to download or remove any
information from the Club's computer system without the expressed
advance permission of the appropriate supervisor. (See the Club's
B.
ELECTRONIC MAIL
During your workday, the electronic mail and other
information systems are not to be used in a way that may be
ive to othere.
disruptive, offensive to others, or harmful to morale.
Specifically, it is against Club policy to transmit E-mail
communications that contain ethnic slurs, racial epithets, or
anything that may be construed as harassment or offensive to
others based on their race, national origin, sex, sexual
orientation, age, disability, religious or political beliefs, is
strictly prohibited and may constitute grounds for termination.
Employees should use the information systems for Club
business only.
The E-mail system also should not be used to
solicit others for commercial ventures, religious or political
causes, outside organizations, or other personal matters
unrelated to your job.
For privacy reasons, employees should not attempt to gain
access to another employee's personal file of E-Mail messages
without the latter's express permission. Further, employees
shall not use a code, access a file or retrieve any stored
communication, other
than where authorized, unless there has been
prior clearance by an authorized Club representative.
Man an as needed babe by authented an emple to mati
the Club's legitimate business interest in the proper use of its
property. System security features such as passwords and message
MAR-A-LAGO 0199


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page254 of 648
prate one related ural l at he or it.
using the Club's equipment and E-mail systems, employees consent
to have such E-mail use,
authorized firm personnel.
C. VOICE MAIL
The Club utilizes a voice mail system which allows
employees,
clients, etc. to leave voice messages.
The Clut
the right to monitor and review all messages left on the
voice mail system at any time.
All voice messages should be
contined to business or work-related matters.
D.
RIGHT TO INSPECT
No employee is to have an expectation of privacy with regard
review these electronic and
computer systems at any time.
MAR-A-LAGO 0200


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page255 of 648
DISCLOSURE OF EMPLOYEE INFORMATION
REFERENCE CHECKS
All inquiries regarding a current or former employee of The
Mar-a-Lago Club must be referred to the Human Resources Manager.
Should an employee receive a written request for a
reference, he/she should refer the request to the Human Resources
Manager for handling. No Mar-a-Lago Club employee may issue a
reference letter to any current or former employee without the
permission of the Human Resources Manager or Managing Director.
Under no circumstances should any Mar-a-Lago Club employee
release any information about any current or former Mar-a-Lago
Club employee over the telephone.
All telephone inquiries
regarding any current or former employee must be referred to the
Human Resources Manager.
In response to an outside request for information
regarding a current or former Mar-a-Lago Club employee, the Human
employee authorizes the Club to release such information in
information.
MAR-A-LAGO 0201


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page256 of 648
NO SOLICITATION/NO DISTRIBUTION
Persons who are not employees of the Club are prohibited
from soliciting our employees, distributing literature, or
selling merchandise to our employees, on our premises at any
time.
The purpose of this rule is to prevent employees and
customers from being disrupted or imposed upon by such activities
and to maintain our operations at peak efficiency at all times.
For similar reasons, solicitation and distribution of
literature are prohibited during the working time of either the
employee making the solicitation or distribution, or the targeted
The term "working time" does not include an employee's
authorized lunch or rest periods, or other time when the employee
is not required to be working.
Distribution of literature is prohibited in work and
customer areas at all times.
The distribution of literature in
such a manner as to cause litter on the Club's property is
prohibited.
Oii-duty employees are not allowed to return to the
interior or working areas of the Club's premises until the next
scheduled work time.
The Club maintains bulletin boards to communicate Club
information to employees and to post notices required by law.
These bulletin boards are for the posting of Club information and
notices only, and only persons designated by the Managing
Director may place notices on or take down material from the
bulletin boards.
The unauthorized posting of notices,
photographs or other printed or written materials on bulletin
boards or any other Club property is prohibited.
MAR-A-LAGO 0202


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page257 of 648
INSPECTIONS
The Club respects its employees' right to privacy. However,
for security purposes,
we maintain the right to inspect certain
personal belongings.
Each employee agrees, as a condition of continued
employment, to allow management to inspect employee personal
property on our premises.
Any package brought into or taken out
of our premises may be inspected. Our premises and equipment,
including Club vehicles, lockers and desks, are subject to
inspection at any time.
Refusal to cooperate in an inspection or search will be
considered a violation of your terms of hire and insubordination.
INTERNAL INVESTIGATIONS
From time to time The Mar-a-Lago Club may be required to
conduct internal investigations pertaining to security, auditing
or work-related matters.
Employees are required to cooperate
fully with and assist in these investigations if requested to do
so.
Whenever necessary, in Management's discretion, employees'
work areas (i.e., desks,
file cabinets, etc.) and personal
belongings (i.e., brief
cases, handbags, etc.) may be subject to
a search. Employees are required to cooperate.
Management will generally try to obtain an employee's
consent before conducting a search of work areas or personal
belongings, but may not always be able to do so.
MAR-A-LAGO 0203


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page258 of 648
OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT
The Club does not object to your holding other jobs,
provided that there is no conflict of interest and your job at
the Club comes first. However, outside employment which
interferes with your obligations to the Club is prohibited.
addition, no employee shall claim to be a Club representative in
connection with any outside employment.
Before accepting any supplementary job, it is mandatory that
you notify your Supervisor and the Department Head to determine
if there is a conflict of interest or if it would adversely
affect your job performance at the Club.
If the Club determines
that a conflict of interest exists or acceptance would adversely
aftect your job performance, you shall not engage in outside
Failure to notify the Supervisor and the Department
Head in advance of any outside employment will be grounds for
Please note that if at any time your job at the Club suffers
right to ask you to give it up.
request will also be grounds for immediate termination.
MAR-A-LAGO 0204


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page259 of 648
PROPERTY OF EMPLOYER
Employees may not remove from the Club premises any Club
property not belonging to the employee. Any other property that
an employee removes from Club premises, must be accompanied by a
Club Package Pass, signed by a department head or his/her
designated supervisor.
Upon termination of your employment, you must surrender to
the Club any and all material including,
but not limited to,
drawings, manuals, reports, documents,
lists of the Club's
vendors ana customers, and the like (including all copies
thereof), that you have in your possession relating to the
business of the Club, or its affiliates. You recognize that all
such materials are the property of the Club solely and that you
have no right, title, or other interests in or to such materials.
MAR-A-LAGO 0205


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page260 of 648
EMPLOYEE APPRAISAL
It Is the objective of the Club to provide an atmosphere ir
which each
employee can receive periodic, thorough appraisals of
their performance and compensation.
The Club uses the
performance evaluation as a means to achieve these objectives.
Each Manager,
Supervisor and employee should be familiar with
their role in contributing to the success of the appraisal
system.
TELEPHONE COURTESY PROCEDURES
emergency, since it
interaction with
according to the following mandatory procedures:
1.
All calls are to be answered within three rings
MAR-A-LAGO 0206


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page261 of 648
2.
Answering a Department line:
a.
tanaara greeting 11. e., Goor
lornina Afternoon/Evenina).
b. Give the name of the department.
C.
Give your name.
d. Offer
assistance: "Good morning,
Reception Desk.
This is John. How may I help you?"
3. Answering another individual's line:
4.
5.
a.
b.
C.
d.
Standard greeting.
Identify whose office or department.
Give your name.
Offer assistance or to take a message:
afternoon, Mr.
Smith's office. This is Mary. How
my I help you?"
when placing a call on "hold:"
a.
b.
Use the word "wait," not "hold."
Always ask permission and wait for guest's
response: "Are you able to wait?"
Returning to a call placed on "hold":
a.
b.
c.
Always thank the guest for waiting or apologize
Give your name.
Otier assistance:
"Thank you for waiting, this is
Mary. How may I help you?"
6.
7.
when transferring a call:
a.
Always announce the transfer of a call to the
b.
The caller shoulde
party receiving the call: "Mr. Smith, I an
transferring Bob Jones to you."
The caller should then be connected and an
announcement of the connection made:
"I have Mr.
smith on the line now. Go ahead, please.'
When ending a conversation:
a.
b.
C.
d.
Always say "thank you" or "you're welcome."
Use the guest's name if possible.
Let the caller know you are happy to be of service
or sorry you are unable to help.
End the conversation with "good-bye" and hand ur
the receiver gently:
"Thank you for calling, Mr.
Smith.
We're glad we could help. Good-bye."
MAR-A-LAGO 0207


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page262 of 648
MAR-A-LAGO 0208


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page263 of 648
EMPLOYEE ATTENDANCE AND TARDINESS
Your schedule is developed after considering the Club's
needs and flow of business.
Your adherence to the schedule and
flexibility concerning any necessary changes will help ensure our
Club's success.
Each employee is required to work the hours normally
scheduled for his or her assigned position.
Employee's work schedules will be those hours authorized by
their Supervisor to meet operaional requirements.
II you are unable to report to work for any reason, you must
notify your supervisor no later than Three (3) hours prior to
your scheduled reporting time, stating your reason for lateness
or absence, and when you expect to arrive at work.
Check with
your supervisor to see if additional notice time is required.
In the event your supervisor is not available, you are to contact
SECURITY Ext.212 or the Human Resources Manager. You must call
in each day of your absence.
Upon the third consecutive day of
absence, a Health Care Provider's note will be required of the
employee before returning to work.
An employee who is absent for
three
consecutive days without proper notice to the Club may be
considered to have voluntarily resigned his or her position with
the Club.
Failure to adhere to employee attendance policies results in
time consuming arrangements and costly replacements and may lead
to disciplinary action.
Tardiness places an unfair burden upon your supervisors and
All efforts should be made to be at work according
Your supervisor is to be contacted if it is
Continued tardiness will
result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
MAR-A-LAGO 0209


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page264 of 648
LINEN ABUSE
Linen abuse is considered to be any type of mishandling or
misuse of linen, causing damage to the point that the linen would
be unfit to place before a guest.
The following are the most common abuse occurrences.
1.
Using linen as rags for cleaning.
2.
Leaving linen lying on the floor.
3.
Cleaning ashtrays with linen.
4.
Using napkins as food covers.
5.
Carrying linen on your person to be used as sweatbands,
handkerchiefs, etc.
6.
Throwing rags
or linen in the trash.
7. Mixing rags with linen.
Violation of these linen abuse standards may lead to
disciplinary action.
The replacement of lost or damaged linen is
a costly process,
we need everyone's help in curtailing this
enormous expense.
MAR-A-LAGO 0210


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page265 of 648
TIME REPORTING - SIGNING IN AND OUT
You must check in first at the guard post at the employee's
entrance on Southern Boulevard, and
then again upon your arrival
at Post One. At the end of your shift you must check out at Post
One and also at the guard post at the employees' exit on Southern
Boulevard.
When reporting in and out of work employees will be solely
responsible for keeping their own hours worked by logging in and
out at the timekeeping terminal.
Pay is calculated for the
actual hours worked by the actual entry of this information.
Any
deviations
in the schedule including overtime can be done with
the supervisors approval only. These deviations are indicated in
writing at the end of the work week for presentation to payroll.
Under no condition shall an employee enter for time other
than his/her own.
An employee who leaves the Club during his/her
work schedule must first obtain their supervisor's permission.
failure to adhere to these procedures, will result ir
disciplinary action, up to and including termination of
employment.
NOTE:All Wait Staff employees must also sign in on the "DAILY
SIGN IN SHEET' which will be located with your Captain.
CHANGE OF ADDRESS OR STATUS - PERSONNEL RECORDS
To keep necessary Club records up-to-date, it is extremely
important that you notify the Human Resources Department of any
changes in:
1.
2.
3.
4.
Name and/or marital status.
Address and/or telephone number.
# of eligible dependents.
W4 Deductions.
MAR-A-LAGO 0211


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page266 of 648
INITIAL EMPLOYMENT PERIOD
Every new employee goes through an initial period of adjustment
in order to learn about the Club and about his/her job.
this time, the employee will have an opportunity to find out if
he/she is suited to, and likes, his/her new position.
Additionally, the initial employment period gives the employee's
supervisor a reasonable period of time to evaluate his/her
performance. The initial employment period is 3 months.
During this time,
the new employee will be provided with training
and guidance from his/her Supervisor.
He/she may be discharged
at any time during this period if his/her Supervisor concludes
that he/she is not progressing or performing satisiactorily.
Additionally, under appropriate circumstances, the initial
employment may be extended.
At the end of the initial employment period, the employee and
lis/her supervisor may discuss his/her performance.
his/her job performance is
"satisfactory'' at the end of the
employment period, he/she will continue in our
employment.
EMPLOYEE CATEGORIES
Full Time - Year Round Employee
Seasonal Employee
WORK HOURS, SALARY AND OVERTIME PREMIUMS
A.
WORK HOURS
The Club never shuts down from November 1 to Mother's Day;
needs of our members.
at all times, departments have arranged different schedules
for their employees.
MAR-A-LAGO 0212


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page267 of 648
В. SALARY
The Club's policy
regarding personnel is to offer
competitive starting wages and to maintain a fair and
equitable wage structure.
Wage increases are given when
appropriate based upon results of performance evaluations
and/or employment status change.
The work week at the Club begins on Monday and ends on
Sunday.
Scheduled paydays are as follows: Friday pay
vouchers indicating deposit into your existing Great
Western banking account will be issued.
If there is a discrepancy in your paycheck, advise your
department head immediately.
Do not call or go to the
payroll department.
If your department head is not
available, contact
the Human Resources Manager and
assistance will be provided.
The Club is unable to make advances on employee paychecks.
C. OVERTIME PREMIUMS
1. Hourly and Salaried Employee (non-exempt)
Hourly or salaried employees are eligible for overtime
premium at one and one-half (1.5) times their base
hourly rate under the following conditions:
Overtime work has been specifically authorized by the
direct Supervisor in advance or in writing after the fact.
More than forty (40) hours are actually worked by that
individual in one work week, not including sick time,
vacation, holidays and time off for personal business
and other non work time.
The work week commences on Monday morning and ends
Sunday at midnight.
2.
Salaried Employee (exempt)
1 salaried exempt employee is not compensated directl
for specific overtime hours worked.
is paid to accomplish a specific job and his/her salary
is based upon the fact that hours in excess of 40 per
week may be necessary on occasion.
Overtime is at the request of a supervisor or department
MAR-A-LAGO 0213


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page268 of 648
head for emergency client business.
Supervisor must
authorize overtime and sign the employee's schedule
signifying such authorization.
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AND PROGRAMS
As a regular full time year round employee you will enjoy an
exalth and plan for car whire he are to go citreet your
health, and plan for your future.
the right to change any or all of these benefits at any time.
*
Group Health Insurance
Group Life Insurance
Group Dental Insurance
*
401K - After one full year of continuous employment
For information relating to the cost of such benefits,
eligibility requirements, etc. please contact the Human Resources
Manager.
MAR-A-LAGO 0214


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page269 of 648
BEREAVIMENT LEAVE
In the event of a death in an employee's immediate family,
the Club will allow a
maximum
1 of three (3) days off with pay for
funeral related leave.
Immediate family includes spouse, child,
mother, father,
brother, sister, grandparent, grandchild, aunt,
daughter-in-law, son-in-law, mother-in-law, father-in-law,
step-child, step-parent.
When a death occurs, notify your supervisor at once with all
of the details,
including the family member who died and where
the funeral will take place.
The supervisor should notify the
Human Resources Manager of the reason and length of the
employee's absence.
JURY DUTY
An employee summoned for jury duty will be compensated in
the following manner only if he/she notifies his/her supervisor
and provides him/her with a copy of the summons.
During the jury leave, the employee will be paid the
lifference between jury compensation and the employee's regular
pay for up to three days.
Any day in which you are excused from
jury service at a time when there are three (3) or more hours
remaining in your daily scheduled shift, you will report for
NOTE: If the jury duty falls at a time when the employee cannot be
away from work, the court may allow the employee to choose a more
convenient time to serve if he/she makes a request in accordance
with the court's procedure.
MAR-A-LAGO 0215


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page270 of 648
MILITARY LEAVE
An employee who is a member of the United States Army, Navy,
Air Force,
Marines, Coast Guard,
a member of the National Guard,
a member of the Reserves or Public Health Service will, where a
specified period of active or reserve duty is mandatory, be
granted a leave of absence in accordance with applicable law.
Upon receipt of orders for active or reserve duty, the
employee should notify his/her supervisor, as well as the Human
Resources Manager immediately and he/she must submit a copy of
his/her orders to his/her supervisor and the Human Resources
MATERNITY LEAVE OF ABSENCE
Pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions are
temporary disabilities for the purpose of any health or temporary
disability insurance or sick leave policy maintained by the Club.
An employee who is pregnant, or has medical conditions related to
pregnancy will be granted a leave of absence and will be eligible
for the same leave benefits as received by employees suffering
from Illness or other temporary disabilities.
FAMILY MEDICAL AND PERSONAL LEAVE OF ABSENCE
MAR-A-LAGO 0216


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page271 of 648
As a result of the Federal Family and Medical Leave Act
("Act"),
the Club provides an added benefit to each employee.
Each employee will have up to 12 weeks of unpaid family leave
during a "rolling" 12-month period month period for: (1) the
birth and care of a newborn child; (2) adoption or foster care of
a child; (3) to provide care to an employee's spouse, son,
daughter or parent (or grandparent under certain circumstances)
who has a serious health condition; and (4) the employee's own
serious health condition which makes the employee unable to
perform his/her job functions.
Upon an employee's return from
this leave, the Club guarantees that the employee will be placed
in the same or equivalent position, absent grievous and
substantial business reasons affecting the Club.
This leave may be used during the rolling 12-month period
even if the full 12 weeks have not been taken.
Intermittent use
of this leave or a reduced leave schedule may be allowed only
where leave is taken for a
sick family member, or for an
employee's own serious health condition, when medically
necessary. If you are not eligible for the 12 weeks unpaid
leave, you may still be eligible to take-an unpaid leave of
absence for medical reasons or a personal leave of absence at the
discretion of the Club.
As a result of the Act, it has been necessary to modify some
provisions of our policies on sick days, short term disability
and personal leaves of absence to comply with the Act. The
information that follows is designed to address the great
majority of situations that arise in a regular or routine manner.
The federal Family Leave Law, however, is subject to on-going
review process and interpretation by the courts, therefore, the
statements made here can not possibly address every contingency
•ner can not poo bly
that may arise in interpreting this new and broad Law.
For these
reasons, special situations will be reviewed on a case-by-case
basis.
Set forth below is the Club policy with regard to medical
and personal leaves of absence, including provisions of Act.
If you have any questions, please contact the Human
Resources Manager who will be glad to answer your questions.
A. 12 Week Family Medical Leave
Purpose:
This policy allows an employee to request a family or
regular medical leave of absence (LOA) because the employee has a
serious health condition
which makes the employee unable to
perform the functions of the job position (this policy includes a
serious health condition
related to pregnancy).
MAR-A-LAGO 0217


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page272 of 648
Policy:
All employees with a minimum of 12 months of service (and
1250 or more hours worked during the previous 12 months) at the
time the family medical LOA begins, are eligible for up to 12
weeks of unpaid family medical LOA during a rolling 12-month
period.
Employees are eligible so long as the employee is
certified to be unable to work during this LOA period.
See Section D below for details on requesting this LOA.
Regular Policy for those Not Eligible for Family Medical LOA
(e.g. previously used Family LOA)
All employees who are not eligible for the 12 week family
medical LOA at the time the medical LOA begins le.g., less than
12 months of service, less than 1250 hours worked, or
insufficient time has passed since a previous LOA) are eligible
Ior unpaid medical LOA normally not to exceed 10 days.
See Section D below for details on requesting this LOA.
C. Family and Personal LOA
This policy allows an employee to request consideration for
a family or personal LOA.
1. Policy (Family LOA):
All employees with a minimum of 12 months of service and
1250 or more hours worked in the previous 12 months at the time
che family LOA begins are eligible for up to 12 weeks of
unpaid LOA during a rolling 12-month period for:
* the birth or adoption lor foster care) of a
child.
providing care to a family member who has a
serious
health condition (family member is
defined as spouse, child, or parent).
Please Note:
A child is one who is under 18 years of age or if 18 years
or older must be incapable of self-care because of mental or
physical disability.
Policy (Personal LOA)
Employees who are not eligible
MAR-A-LAGO 0218


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page273 of 648
employees requiring additional time may be required to
terminate employment and advise the Club of availability for
future rehire.
Request for non-family personal LOA may not be
approved due to the effect on department operations and/or due to
the individual's job performance.
See Section D below for details on requesting this LOA.
D. General Procedures for LOA
1.
While on an approved family or other LOA, an employee
does not accrue time toward sick leave, vacation days, merit
review nor does he/she receive holiday pay.
2. Detailed Procedures:
(a)
A request for any medical LOA must be certified by
the employee's health care provider on the claim
form supplied by the Human Resources Manager.
(b)
An employee requesting a medical LOA must provide
the Human Resources Manager with sufficient
medical evidence to support the condition that
prevents the employee from performing the assigned
job duties.
This signed health care provider's
statement must include effective date of the LOA,
reason for the LOA and approximate date of return.
If the medical evidence is deemed to be
inconclusive, the Human Resources Manager may
arrange for a medical examination lat the Club's
expense) to determine the extent of the employee's
condition.
The Club may require periodic
recertification.
The duration of a medical LOA is determined by the period of time
the employee has a serious health condition which makes
employee unable to perform the job efficiently and safely.
y amate to pectorm the
the
(c) Reinstatement may not be guaranteed in
management's discretion (employee will be notified
prior to beginning the LOA) if the employee is a
key salaried employee.
(d)
An employee who returns from a family medical or
family LOA on or before the approved LOA has
department and job.
be made to place the returning employee into ar
equivalent position.
However, for an employee returning from a LOA that
has exceeded the allowed maximum calendar days, no
MAR-A-LAGO 0219


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page274 of 648
(e)
guarantee of reinstatement can be made. Ir
addition, no guarantee of reinstatement can be
made for
a regular medical or non-family personal
However, if possible, the employee will be
re-employed in accordance with the following
priorities:
*
In his or her former job if available;
In a comparable job at the same lor higher
grade) if available, and if the employee is
qualified for that job (at the same salary or
higher);
*
In a lower grade job, it available, and if
the employee is qualified for that job. If
reemployed, the employee will receive the
same salary as he or she received immediately
prior to the LOA unless such salary exceeds
the maximum salary for the employee's grade
upon reemployment, in which case the employee
will be paid at that grade maximum; or
*
If no job is available at the termination of
Braceron in a portion to match a sole
A request for an LOA is expected to be submitted
to the employee's supervisor and the Human
Resources Manager at least 30 days prior to the
-eason for the wok and approximate dare
of return.
For a medical or family LOA, each employee will be
required to use earned vacation, personal days and
sick pay benefits at the beginning of the LOA.
For a personal LOA, only earned vacation will be
required to be used.
For each employee granted a family medical or
family LOA,
the Club will continue the group
health insurance benefit coverage under which the
employee was covered as of the last day worked.
any premiums paid by the employee prior
to the LOA must continue to be paid by the
employee during the LOA.
Payments are due at the
same time as they would be made by payroll
deduction.
If an employee fails to return to worl
after taking a family or medical LOA, the employee
may be potentially liable for payment of health
MAR-A-LAGO 0220


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page275 of 648
(g)
(h)
(i)
(k)
(1)
(m)
(n)
insurance premiums paid by the employer during the
LOA.
An employee on an LOA must notify the Human
Resources Manager of intent to return at least 7
lays prior to the desırea return date
Medical
'ertification of ability to resume duties must b
provided to the Human Resources Manager prior to
returning to work.
Failure to provide medical
certification may result in disciplinary action or
termination.
An employee must contact the Human Resources
Manager with a
request for an LOA extension at
least 14 days in advance of the scheduled return
(emergencies excepted) .
Medical certification is
equired prior to the beginning of the extensio
or a medical LOA
The Human Resources Manager will notify the
appropriate Manager of the date of return of ar
employee returning from an approved LOA.
If an employee fails to return to work at the
conclusion of an LOA, the LOA will be cancelled
and employment will be discontinued as a voluntary
termination with the effective date of termination
the last day actually worked.
An employee requiring a medical or personal LOA
who has not completed the initial probation period
is not eligible for such a LOA and must terminate
his/her employment.
These employees may be
eligible for conversion of group medical
insurance. At the Club's option this category of
employee may be placed on a preferential hiring
list.
Abuse of an LOA may result in termination of
employment.
In any case in which a husband and wife are
entitled to a LOA, the total days of family LOA to
which both may be entitled may be limited to 12
weeks during any rolling 12-month period it the
family LOA is taken for the birth, adoption lor
foster care) of a child.
In addition, as an alternative to the LOA, the
Club and each employee may mutually agree
•to
alternate employment for the employee for the time
during which the employee would otherwise be
entitled to a LOA under Club policy.
Such period
of alternate employment will not cause a reduction
MAR-A-LAGO 0221


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page276 of 648
in the period of the LOA to which the Club
employee is otherwise entitled for their owr
serious illness.
(0)
The rolling 12-month period in which the 12 weeks
of LOA entitlement occurs is a "rolling" 12-mont}
period measured backwards from the date an
employee uses a family or medical LOA.
Exception Approval:
Questions concerning this policy should be directed to the
Human Resources Manager.
GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE
The Club recognizes that employees may have questions or
problems concerning the Club's policies and procedures.
In order
problem so ving procedure at a Folion Chebe taptoria, Bolve
Please follow these steps:
Step 1:
You should first request to meet with your
immediate supervisor (the person you report to
directly).
The supervisor will listen and
investigate the problem with the intention of
finding an agreeable solution for those concerned.
In order to facilitate a fair and timely solution,
you must contact your supervisor within three days
MAR-A-LAGO 0222


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page277 of 648
of the occurrence that created the question or
problem.
If you feel the problem is with your immediate
supervisor, you may skip step 1 and start the
grievance procedure with Step 2.
Step 2:
Request to meet with your Department Head. Your
Department Head will review the problem (including
any action taken by your immediate supervisor) and
any other relevant facts involved in order to
suggest a
facilitate a fair and timely solution, you must
contact your Department Head within three days of
the occurrence that created the question or
problem (it you skipped step 1) or within two
days of your supervisor's resolution (if you
followed Step 1.
If you are not satisfied with your Department
Head's
handling of the problem, you may proceed to
Step 3.
Step 3:
Request to meet with the Managing Director, or a
designated representative, will thoroughly
investigate the problem, review Club policies,
procedures, rules and regulations and will make a
determination.
In order to facilitate a fair and
timely solution, you must contact the Managing
Director within two days of your Department Head's
determination.
The Managing Director, or his or her designee, may review the
matter and offer a final decision.
Time spent by an employee in discussing a complaint
with management during normal working hours will be considered
hours worked for pay purposes.
When two or more employees have a common or similar
complaint, the employees may select a spokesperson to represent
the group.
The final decision on the complaint submitted by
several employees through a spokesperson will be binding on all
members of the group.
If at any time you feel uncomfortable with this process, as
it is outlined here, please feel free to contact the Managing
Director to assist you before taking further action.
Due to the serious nature of sexual harassment, such
complaints
should be referred immediately and directly to the
Managing Director and Human Resources Manager.
MAR-A-LAGO 0223


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page278 of 648
The Club will not tolerate any form of retaliation against
employees who have used the Club's problem solving procedure. In
the interest of creating a positive and enjoyable work
environment, all employees shall be able to úse this procedure
without fear of retaliation.
However, it is equally important to realize that the problem
solving procedure will not prevent the Club from taking
disciplinary action, up to and including termination, against any
individual under circumstances where the Club deems disciplinary
action to be appropriate.
MAR-A-LAGO 0224


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page279 of 648
DISCIPLINARY ACTION
A. GENERAL POLICY ADHERENCE
Policies and procedures are necessary guidelines to provide
a basis for fair and equitable treatment of
In
addition, these guidelines serve as the basis for a fair
relationship between the employee and the Club.
It is necessary
that these guidelines be applied consistently to each employee
regardless of location, department or manager. Then, and only
then, can the Club establish the confidence that each employee
will be treated consistently according to the administrative and
operational guidelines.
It is the responsibility of each
officer, manager, supervisor and employee to contribute fully
toward the achievement of this objective.
B. DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS
Violations of any of the established policies
and procedures
may result in disciplinary action including probation or
discharge.
The nature of the disciplinary action is contingent
upon the facts and circumstances of the individual situation.
The following employee actions are not all inclusive but, by
way of illustration only, are some of the events which could
result in discipline including discharge.
Thus, your department
head may establish additional rules and regulations he or she
feels are necessary for the orderly fulfillment of your
department's responsibilities.
These also must be followed.
other actions may also result in discipline including discharge.
(It should be noted that the Club and each employee recognize
that the employment relationship is for an indefinite period and
may be terminated by either party at will.) By providing this
list, the Club in no way restricts its legal discretion to
terminate employment.
a.
Insubordination, refusal or inability to comply with
reasonable instructions of supervisors or department
heads.
If your supervisor requests you to do something
with which you disagree, always follow the instructions
at the time and then discuss it later at an appropriate
time and location.
However,
this excludes obedience to
demands constituting discrimination, sexual harassment
or illegal conduct.
b.
Interference or hindrance with shift schedules.
Failure to work on a shift as scheduled or arranging
your own shift replacement without the supervisor's
permission.
C.
Unauthorized use of Club telephone or property and/or
guest facilities.
d.
Entering the Club more than 30 minutes before your
shift begins or leaving the Club more than 30 minutes
after the end of your shift without the permission of
your department head or supervisor. Entering or
MAR-A-LAGO 0225


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page280 of 648
e.
f.
g.
h.
i.
j.
K.
1.
presence in areas within the Club premises without
authorization or just cause.
Presence on Club premises at anytime other than your
assigned work shift unless specifically authorized by
your department head in advance.
An essential element of the security procedures of the
Mar-a-Lago Club is the key control process.
As such,
employees who have access to Club keys must recognize
the importance of properly safeguarding the keys which
have been entrusted to them.
All employees should be
aware that they may be subject to disciplinary action
for any violation of the key control procedures. Guest
room keys must never be left in your locker.
Theft (unauthorized removal) or misappropriation
lunauthorized storage, transfer, utilization or
possession) of Club services (i.e., unauthorized
telephone calls, laundry/valet, food and beverage), or
guest, employer or Club property, including items found
on the Club premises.
All articles found on Club
premises must be turned into the Lost and Found area at
Security in the Timekeeper's area.
Altering or falsifying a guest check or credit voucher
or forging tips through guest checks.
Refusal to comply with Club rules, policies or
procedures.
Poor job performance, including unsatisfactory attitude
that detracts from job performance or the efficient
operation of the Club.
Violation of sexual harassment policy.
Failure to report for duty without a bona fide excuse
and proper notification to your supervisor.
rules and safe work procedures or engaging in any
conduct that creates a safety hazard.
n.
O.
p.
Failure to meet performance standards.
Failure to follow grooming and appearance standards.
Failure to report a workplace accident immediately.
you are injured on the job, you must immediately report
this to your supervisor or Human Resources Manager.
Falsely stating claims of injury.
I. Disorderly conduct on the Club premises, including
fighting, horseplay or other action that endangers
others or Club property.
S.
Offensive or disruptive behavior, including threatening
arco or sting a mona r nace manner on
Club property,
or while off the Club premises in
performance of Club duties.
t.
Destruction, misuse, or removal of Club property, a
guest's property or another employee's property.
Unauthorized disclosure, discussion, removal or use of
Club confidential, information, trade secrets or other
MAR-A-LAGO 0226


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page281 of 648
proprietary information (including information
contained
in personnel records).
V.
Deliberate omission or falsification of information on
employment application, time sheets, production or
other Club records.
w.
Unauthorized distribution of literature, posting of
notices or signs on Club, premises, fundraising,
selling lottery tickets or merchandise, or soliciting
donations or any other type of money raising on Club
premises, unless specifically authorized by the
Managing
Director.
x.
Refusal to allow security checks and package
inspections.
Y.
Reading books, magazines, or newspapers while on duty,
except where required in
the line of duty.
Z.
Loitering, loafing or sleeping on duty.
aa.
Neglect of duty causing defective work.
bb.
Smoking anywhere on club property including 124
woodbridge Rd. and 1094 Woodbridge Ra.
CC.
Reporting for duty under the influence of intoxicating
liquor, marijuana and/or illegal drugs.
Bringing, consuming, possessing, providing, selling, or
otherwise using intoxicating liquors, marijuana and/or
Dishonesty, including but not limited to intentionally
not providing full and truthful information when
requested by management.
ff.
99•
Gambling on Club premises.
Bringing, discharging, and/or possessing unauthorized
firearms or other weapons on Club property or while off
Club Property in the performance of Club duties.
hh.
ii.
Giving or taking a bribe of any nature.
Being arrested and/or convicted of any crime which the
Club believes is detrimental to the Club and/or its
other employees.
ji. Theft, attempted theft, removal or unauthorized
possession of the Club's property or property of other
employees or customers.
kk.
Misappropriation of Club funds or failure to handle
funds in accordance with Club guidelines.
11.
Irregular attendance including excessive absenteeism,
tardiness and/or unexcused absences.
mm.
Leaving work station or work without authorization or
being in an unauthorized work area during your
scheduled work period or on your days off, without your
supervisor's specific authorization.
nn.
Interfering with or hindering of work schedules;
failing to work on a scheduled shift; or arranging your
own replacement on a shift without permission from a
supervisor.
O0.
Failure to report to work after the expiration of a
leave-of-absence or layoff.
pp.
99.
Defrauding customers of the Club.
Embezzlement.
MAR-A-LAGO 0227


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page282 of 648
II. Disloyalty to the Club, including but not limited to,
slandering the Club, or acting in such a manner that
could damage the Club's reputation.
SS.
Moral turpitude.
tt.
Failure to wear assigned uniform.
uu.
Entering or leaving the property through any entrance
or exit other than the designated employee entrance or
VV.
Punching in/out with another employee's I.D. Card or
allowing
another employee to punch in/out
on your card.
wW.
Unauthorized attendance at guest functions and/or in
guest areas, or on the premises including guest rooms,
dining rooms
and lounges.
No unauthorized social
contact will be permitted at any time with Club guests.
xX.
Discourteous or inappropriate conduct with
Yy. Using guest elevators, escalators, restrooms or any
guest facility except
when specifically required by job
functions or authorized by management.
zZ.
Gum chewing, eating or drinking in any public area of
the Club.
aaa.
Soliciting gratuities from guests or commenting on the
amount of a gratuity.
MAR-A-LAGO 0228


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page283 of 648
UNIFORMS AND PERSONAL APPEARANCE
A. UNIFORMS
B.
Employees issued a uniform are responsible for turning their
soiled uniform to the Laundry Department at the end of their
shift and picking up a clean one for the next day of work.
All employee uniforms are laundered by the Club at no charge
to the employee.
PERSONAL APPEARANCE
Departure from conventional Club attire or personal grooming
are not permitted, regardless of the nature of the job
performed.
(1)
Every employee has some contact with the public and
therefore represents the Club in appearance as well as
by actions.
The properly attired employee helps to
create a favorable image for the Club.
Accordingly,
personal appearance shall be governed by the following
standards:
Good hygiene and grooming practices are required. A
daily bath or shower is a necessity and all employees
should report to work freshly bathed.
Keep in mind
you may be going
, from a hot kitchen to an air
conditioned guest room. Body temperatures will
change quickly and body odors are offensive.
Remember, there is no substitute for good deodorant.
Bad breath is
also offensive and mouthwash should be
used in addition to brushing teeth.
Good hygiene and grooming practices are required.
Fingernails, and hair must be clean and neatly
trimmed at all times.
eards, goatees, and un-trimmed sideburns are not
permitted.
Mustaches must be neatly trimmed
Men's hair should not exceed collar length and
must be conservatively styled.
Visible body piercing is not permitted for
men or women, nor ear jewelry for men.
All employees must wear their nametags (to be
provided) at all times while on duty.
MAR-A-LAGO 0229


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page284 of 648
All employees are expected to report to work
in clean, neatly pressed clothing, clean
shoes and clean personal appearance.
Female employees who are not required to wear
a uniform may wear suits, dresses, skirts or
slacks with blouses or sweaters.
"'Mini"
skirts are not permissible.
No blue jeans or jeans of any color are permitted.
Denim outfits resembling blue jeans and jean skirts
are also unacceptable.
No strapless or backless
garmets may be worn.
Females must wear the proper
undergarments, including a bra and a full or half slip
where necessary, depending on the sheerness of
the outer
garment.
Hose are required with skirts and dresses. Hose or
socks are required with pants.
to a in to certable every or should be kept
to a minimum.
employees is a wrist watch and a total of three
Female service employees are allowed to wear
one guest cosmact canale employees are allowedito wear
a maximum of two earrings in each ear.
Tattoos: Exposed tatoos are not allowed on any
public contact employees.
FULL TIME YEAR ROUND EMPLOYEES - During the summer
months when the Club is closed and there is no
public contact you may see your Department Head as to
• what is considered to be proper attire for your
position.
(2)
Supervisors have the responsibility to decide when an
employee's appearance is unacceptable.
In the event of
an unacceptable appearance, the Supervisor may request
that the employee return home to change or take an
appropriate corrective action. The employee generally
shall not be compensated for any such time away fron
work, and repeated violations of this Policy will be
cause for disciplinary action.
MAR-A-LAGO 0230


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page285 of 648
AIDS POLICY
The Club recognizes that Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome
(AIDS), its related conditions such as AIDS Related Complex
(ARC),
and persons with seropositive test results pose
significant and delicate issues for employees in the workplace.
Accordingly, we have established the following guidelines
for handling employee issues that arise when an employee is
affected by this disease.
(1) The Club is committed to maintaining a safe and healthy
work environment for all employees.
(2) Consistent with this commitment, the Club will treat
AIDS the same as other illnesses in terms of all our employee
policies and benefits, such as group health and disability
benefits.
(3)
Based on the overwhelming preponderance of available
medical and scientific opinion, including statements from the
ordinary social or occupational settings or conditions.
Therefore, subject to changes in available medical information,
it is the policy of the Club that employees with AIDS or any of
its related conditions may continue to work and the Club will
provide them with reasonable accommodation as long as they are
medically able to perform the duties of their position.
(4) Employees who are affected by AIDS or any other
life-threatening illness will be treated with compassion and
understanding in dealing with their personal crises.
will be expected to not refuse to work or withhold their services
contracting Abe
Co-workers
for fear of contracting AIDS by working with an AIDS affected
person,
and to not harass or otherwise discriminate against an
AIDS-affected employee.
Recognizing the need for all employees to be able to be
how best to contain it from spreading. Employees affected by
AIDS or any of its related conditions or concerned about AIDS are
encouraged to contact Human Resources Manager to discuss their
concerns and to obtain additional information.
The Club will treat all medical information obtained
employees with AIDS or any of its related conditions
confidentially as required by law.
The Club reserves the right to change this policy or make
appropriate revisions, additions, amendments or corrections.
We
will notify you of any substantive changes.
MAR-A-LAGO 0231


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page286 of 648
If you have any questions about this policy or its
interpretation or the information upon which it is based, please
contact the Human Resources Manager.
MAR-A-LAGO 0232


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page287 of 648
SUBSTANCE ABUSE POLICY
Our Club strives to provide a safe work environment and
encourages personal health.
In regard to this,
the Club
considers the abuse of drugs or alcohol on the job to be an
unsafe and counterproductive work practice.
Quite simply, our
goal is to maintain a work environment that is free from the
effects of alcohol and drug abuse.
While the Club has no intention of intruding into the
private lives of its employees, the Club does expect employees to
report for work in condition to perform their duties.
It is,
therefore,
Club policy that an employee found with the presence
of alcohol or illegal drugs in his/her system, in possession of,
using, selling, trading, or offering for sale
Illegal drugs or
alcohol during working hours, may be subject to disciplinary
action up to and including discharge. (Club sponsored activities
which may include the service of alcoholic beverages are not
Substance Abuse includes possession, use, purchase or sale
of drugs or alcohol on Club premises.
It also includes reporting
to work under the influence of drugs or alcohol. Prescription
drugs-prescribed by the employee's physician may be taken during
work hours.
The employee should notify the Supervisor if the use
of-properly prescribed prescription drugs will affect the
employee's work performance.
Abuse of prescription drugs will
not be tolerated.
An employee reporting for work visibly impaired is unable to
properly perform required duties and will not be allowed to work.
MAR-A-LAGO 0233


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page288 of 648
POLICY ON SMOKING
Smoking is prohibited by any staff employee of The Mar-a-
Lago Club on any and all properties
adjacent to or that of The
Mar-a-Lago Club to include:
124 Woodbridge Road
Palm Beach, FL
1094 Woodbridge Road
Palm Beach,
FL
MAR-A-LAGO 0234


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page289 of 648
DRUG/ALCOHOL USE AND TESTING
The Mar-a-Lago Club recognizes that employee drug abuse
with the Club's level of production, as well
as its
competitive position in the marketplace, and can result in costs,
delays,
and tragedies associated with work-related accidents. As
a condition to employment or continued employment, you must
refrain from reporting to work or working with the presence of
drugs or alcohol in your body.
To address the problem of drug/alcohol abuse and to comply with
Florida's Workers' Compensation Drug-Free Workplace Act (the Act)
The Mar-a-Lago Club adopts the policies and procedures detailed
below.
This policy will be administered in accordance with all
relevant laws (state and local), including the ADA, the Florida
Civil Rights Act, the Workers' Compensation Act, and in a non-
discriminatory fashion.
To protect the health,
safety,
and welfare of all Mar-a-Lago Club
employees, it is the Club's policy that the unlawiul manutacture,
distribution, dispensation, possession, or use of controlled
substance on
any Club property is absolutely prohibitea.
Controlled substances include, but are not limited to,
amphetamines, barbiturates, cocaine, heroin, morphine, PCP,
marijuana,
hashish, and
any other controlled substance listed in
Schedules
I through V of Section 202 of the Controlled Substance
Act, 21 U.S.C. § 812 or in the Florida Statute on controlled
substances, except for medication prescribed by the employee's
physician.
You are also prohibited from drinking alcohol during the business
You are also prohibited from bringing alcoholic beverages
onto the Club premises.
Special care shall be taken during
Company-sponsored social events for employees.
In these cases,
employees and guests below the legal age will not be allowed to
drink alcoholic beverages.
The amount of time alcohol is served
will be limited as well as the quantity of the alcohol.
necessary, transportation will be arranged for someone if his or
her driving ability seems to be impaired.
The Mar-a-Lago Club will test for the presence of drugs under the
following circumstances:
1) pre-employment testing, 2)
reasonable suspicion testing
and 3) follow-up testing.
accordance with the worker's Compensation Drug Testing Program,
which policy had been given to all employees or can be obtained
from the Human Resources Manager.
Omediate discipined including termination An est or
immediate discipline,
Any questions about
this policy should be referred to the Human Resources Manager.
MAR-A-LAGO 0235


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page290 of 648
Any violation of The Mar-a-Lago Club's Drug/Alcohol Free
workplace Policy will result in appropriate discipline, up to and
including termination.
THIS POLICY REPRESENTS THE MAR-A-LAGO CLUB'S CURRENT POLICY FOR
DEALING WITH A SERIOUS NATIONAL PROBLEM WHICH POSES A SAFETY
THREAT TO THE WORKFORCE.
THIS POLICY MAY BE CHANGED BY THE MAR-
A-LAGO CLUB IN ITS DISCRETION. THIS POLICY IS NOT INTENDED
CREATE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE MAR-A-LAGO CLUB AND ANY EMPLOYEE.
NOTHING IN THIS POLICY CHANGES THE CLUB'S ABILITY TO TERMINATE AN
EMPLOYEE AT WILL, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE OR NOTICE.
MISCELLANEOUS
A.
STAFF CAFETERIA
, the Cateteria must remain Ior use 0i
Any exceptions to this rule must be cleared
by your department head in advance.
all employees
must adhere to the rules posed in the cadeteria condemn tes
use. You are entitled to one meal per eight hour shift only.
B. LOCKERS
Those employees issued lockers are obligated to keep them
clean and use them for storage of a
jockers are not the areas for storage of valuables.
subject to inspection by management.
Unauthorized materials suct
as alcoholic beverages, weapons, Club property and illegal drugs
are prohibited.
The Mar-a-Lago
Club is not responsible for lost
or stolen property.
MAR-A-LAGO 0236


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page291 of 648
C.
PHONES
Employees on duty are not allowed to use the public phones
in the
• lobbies or any guest areas.
Phones are furnished out-
side the stati dining room for employee use.
D.
LOST AND FOUND ARTICLES
the Security Department or a security officer at Post One.
E.
GIFTS
Gifts from guests of the Club of a value exceeding $25.00
ire not to be accepted by employees of The Mar-a Lago Club unles
pproved in writing by the Department Head. No employee shal
accept any gift from any vendor.
E. "'RIGHT TO KNOW STATION,
The Occupational Safety Hazard Administration requires
all employees be provided with information of all potentially
hazardous substances used in the course of our daily business
The location of these documents (Material Safety Data Sheets)
is in the staff dining room on the wall adjoining the Food and
Beverage office.
G. EMPLOYEE ENTRANCE AND EXIT
All employees required to log in and log out their daily
time must enter and exit the building through the entrance
on the east side of the house leading to Post One.
MAR-A-LAGO 0237


!
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page292 of 648
TERMINATION PROCEDURES
Clearance Process
a. Clearance of locker.
NOTE:
b. Return of uniform to Laundry.
c. Nametag, locker key, any property keys, and uniform
returned to Executive Office.
d. Any outstanding accounts settled.
If you abandon your job without notice, your final
paycheck will not be mailed until you have returned to
the Club and completed the clearance process.
MAR-A-LAGO 0238


...
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page293 of 648
IF YOU LEAVE EMPLOYMENT
RESIGNATION POLICY
When an employee decides to leave for any reason, his/her
supervisor and the Human Resources Manager would like the
opportunity to discuss the resignation before Iinal action is
The Mar-a-Lago Club often finds during such a
conversation that another alternative may be better.
If,
however, after full consideration the employee decides to leave,
it is expected that the employee will provide the Club with a
written two-week advance notice period
• (bear in mind that
vacation days or personal days may not be included in the two-
week notice period).
Generally, in order to qualify for payment
of earned unused vacation, the employee must work throughout the
If, as sometimes hapens, the employee's
supervisor believes it advisable for the employee to leave prior
to the end of the employee's two-weeks notice, the employee may
be paid for the remainder of that period.
Note: You are not
entitled to be paid for any unused, accrued sick time.
DISMISSALS
Every Mar-a-Lago employee has the status of "employee-at-will',
meaning that no one has a contractual right, express or impliea,
to remain in The Mar-a-Lago Club's employ.
The Club may
terminate an employee's employment, or an employee may terminate
his/her employment, with or without cause, and with or without
notice, at any time. No supervisor or other representative of
the Club (except the owner) has the authority to enter into any
agreement for employment for any specified period of time, or to
make any agreement contrary to the above.
IMMEDIATE DISMISSALS - MISCONDUCT
Any employee whose conduct, actions or performance violates or
conflicts with the Club's policies may be terminated immediately
and without warning.
The following are some examples of grounds for immediate
dismissal of an employee:
*Breach of trust or dishonesty
*Conviction of a felony
*Willful violation of an established policy or rule
*Falsification of Club records
*Gross negligence
*Insubordination
*Fighting or serious breach of acceptable behavior
*Violation of the Alcohol or Drug Policy
MAR-A-LAGO 0239


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page294 of 648
*Theft
*Violation of the Club's Conflict of Interest/Outside
Employment Policy and/or Confidentiality Policy.
This listing is not exhaustive.
Should the employee be covered in our group health plan, all
benefits will cease on the last day of the month in which the
employee's last day of employment falls.
The employee will then
have the option to continue coverage in
• accordance with COBRA
regulations.
In the event that the employee is asked to leave his/her
employment with The Mar-a-Lago Club due to the above misconduct,
the employee will not be entitled to any earned unused vacation
benefits.
Also, the employee will not be entitled to be paid for
any unused accrued sick time.
DISMISSALS - OTHER THAN IMMEDIATE TERMINATION
All employees are expected to meet the Club's standards of work
performance.
Work performance encompasses many factors,
including attendance, punctuality, personal conduct, job
proficiency and general compliance with the Club's policies and
procedures.
If an employee does not meet these standards, the Club, may,
under appropriate circumstances, take corrective action, up to
and including dismissal.
The intent of corrective action is to formally document problems
while providing the employee with a reasonable time within which
to improve performance.
The process is designed to encourage
development by providing employees with guidance in areas that
need improvement such as poor work performance, attendance
problems, personal conduct,
general compliance with the Club's
policies
and procedures and/or other disciplinary problems.
Supervisors
should use the procedure described below except in
those cases which may require an employee's immediate
termination.
WRITTEN WARNINGS:
The supervisor should discuss the problem and present a written
warning to the employee.
problem and outline a course of corrective action within a
specific time frame.
the corrective action and the consequence (i.e., termination) if
acknowledge receipt of the warning and include any additional
discussion and the employee's comments
employee's personnel file.
Borson Pige coment anound de placed in the
MAR-A-LAGO 0240


-
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page295 of 648
POST RESIGNATION/TERMINATION PROCEDURES
The Human Resources Manager is responsible for scheduling an exit
interview with a terminating employee on the employee's last
of employment and for arranging the return of Club property
including:
1. Club issued credit card
2. Club manuals
3. Office keys
4. Beeper
5.
Two-way radio
6. Any additional club-owned or issued property
In order to receive a disbursement of any amounts due from the
Retirement Plan, the employee is required to complete and sign a
distribution form which can be obtained from the Human Resources
Manager •
Specific information will be provided at the exit
interview.
Employees may choose the continuation of medical benefits under
COBRA.
Specific information will be provided by the Human
Resources Manager at the exit interview.
Benefits (Life and Medical) end on the last day of the month in
which the employee's last day of employment falls. An employee
has the option to continue Medical Benefits in accordance with
The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (''COBRA'')
regulations.
Employees leaving the Club must return office keys, club credit
cards, etc.
, before their final paycheck can be issed. Inis Iinal
paycheck will be mailed during the next normal pay period.
there are unpaid obligations to the Club, the final paycheck will
reflect the appropriate deductions.
VACATION PAY
RETIREMENT PLAN
If an employee is in the retirement plan, information regarding
this plan will be provided at the exit interview.
MAR-A-LAGO 0241


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page296 of 648
EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK RECEIPT
INSTRUCTIONS: PLEASE READ THIS PERSONNEL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND ANY PORTION
OF IT, ASK FOR AN EXPLANATION FROM THE CLUB MANAGER'S OFFICE.
RETURN THIS SIGNED RECEIPT TO THE CLUB MANAGER'S OFFICE
IMMEDIATELY AFTER YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS MANUAL. PLEASE KEEP THE
HANDBOOK FOR FUTURE REFERENCE.
I received the Policy Manual of The Mar-A-
Lago Club, I.C. on the date indicated below.
I will carefully read the policies,
procedures,
and other information contained
in the Manual and will ask the Club Manager's
Itice tor an explanation if I do not fully
understand them.
I aqree as a condition oi
my employment to comply with the policies
and procedures
which exist now or which may
come into existence in the future.
I
understand that it I do not comply with the
policies and procedures, I may be subject to
disciplinary action. I also understand that
I or the Club may terminate employment at any
time, for any reason.
The Club reserves the right to modify or terminate any policies
employment.
Date
Employee's Name
MAR-A-LAGO 0242


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page297 of 648
Employee's Signature
159816
MAR-A-LAGO 0243


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page298 of 648
EXHIBIT V


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page299 of 648
Vicki Yawnick:
Please run the following this Saturday October 14 and Sunday October 15:
THE MAR-A-LAGO CLUB
Private Club in Palm Beach now
seeking qualified individuals for
the following seasonal positions:
*Wait Staff
*Asst. Food Server
*Banquet Servers
*P.M Sous Chef
*Asst. Banquet Chef
*Line Cooks
*Pastry Cooks
*Steward
*Dishwashers
*Housekeepers- 11pm-3am
*Houseperson - 11 pm-3am
*Valet - must have a clean
driving record.
*Salon Asst.
*Nail Technician
*Make-Up Artist - Part Time
*License Massage Therapist-must
have experience in wet treatments.
*Esthetician
*Spa Attendants - College students
encourage to apply.
Call Carol Ash, M-F, 9am-5pm,
(561) 833-8767, ext. 313 or fax
resume to (561) 832-2194.
Drug Smoke Free Workplace. EOE
118
Giuffre
MAR-A-LAGO 0086


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page300 of 648
EXHIBIT W


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page301. of 648
APPLCANON B
OR EMPLCYMENT
CALC
PRE-EMPLOYMENT QUESTIONNAIRE
ZOVAL APPORTeEN EMPLOYER
INTE
324 Ca
TAMELI NAME FIRS
MODITS
Vacinia str
ISTATE
CITY
toxahatcher ais
• ZIP CODE
133470
ZIP CODE
PHONE NO
0*‹b9
TREFERRED BY
Michells, Stree
EMPLOYMENT DESIRED
POSITION
Keception /animal help
EMPLOYED?
EVER APPLIED TO
THIS COMPANY BEFORE?
YES
XIND THERET
DATE YOU CAN START
a.S.a.
IF SO, MAY WE INQUIRE.
OF YOUR PRESENT EMPLOYER?
SALARY DESIRED
negotiable
XYEs
WHEN?
EDUCATION HISTORY
NANE & LOCATION OF SCHOOL
YEARS
ATTENDED
DID YOU
GRADUATE?
SUBJECTS STUDIED
GRAMMAR SCHOOL
HIGH SCHOOL
Duvers Chanter
COLLEGE
High scho
Dipiomen
TRADE, BUSINESS OR
CORRESPONDENCE
SCHOOL
GENERAL INFORMATION
SUBJEC'S OF SPECIAL STUCY RESEARCH
WORK OR SPECIAL TRAINING/SK LLS
lena, being around helping arimals,
when Iwas younger | voluntesred for is yours
aut
NAVAL SERVICE
FORMER EMPLOYERS (LIST BELOW LAST FOUR EMPLOYERS, STARTING WITH LAST ONE FIRST)
DATE
- MONTH AND YEAR
NAME & ADDRESS OF EMPLOYER
SALARY
FROM
02.
315 +
POSITION
server
24027 017
A ps
FROM 1
TO
27
MASSAGE TherApy
hairly
REASON FOR LEAVING
Didnt leaun
TC
101
FACM (
To -
Adams 9661
APR 1398
riassausi
Bird
Look bragnest
18.50
manage
School tor MAssie
9.25
Bird
caretakeri Too longo7 Dans
APPLICATION FOR EMPLOYMENT
CONTINUED ON OTHER SIDE
ash
EXHIBIT
9
Giuffre
AGREN BLANDO BEPORTING
GIUFFRE009201
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page302 of 648
REFERENCES
GIVE BELOW THE NAMES OF THREE PERSONS NOT RELATED TO YOU, WHOM YOU HAVE KNOWN AT LEAST ONE YEAR
ADDRESS
BUSINESS
YEARS
KNOWN
7ood
tood delwery
bon laulik
Crichora
Richards
AUTHORIZATION
"I certify that the facts contained in this application are true and complete to the best of my knowledge and
understand that, if empioyed, falsified statements on this application shall be grounds for dismissal.
1 authorize investigation of all statements contained herein and the references and employers listed above
to give you any and all information concerning my previous employment and any pertinent information. they
may have, personal or otherwise, and release the company from all liability for any damage that may result
from utilization of such information.
I also understand and agree that no representative of the company has any authority to enter into any
agreement for employment for any specified period of time, or to make any agreemen! contrary to the forego-
ing, unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized company representative.
This waiver does not permit the release or use of disability-related or medical information in a manner pro-
ribited by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other relevant federal and state laws."
DATE 3 24 02
SIGNATURE Virgina
Rotuto
INTERVIEWED BY -
- DATE
DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE
REMARKS
Until 3PM
renant, fluffy
Repeatedly ces off alarm
i utifice
Afendance moves
Future to prifoin
expect digs
call in sick, lite
NEATNESS
ExcusE:
- ENGiNE FELL, OUT
= BROKEN AXEE
- STUFF SET ON FIRE
CHARACTER
PERSONALITY
ABILITY
HIRED
FOR
DEPT.
[POSITION
WILL
REPORT
SALARY
WAGES
APPROVED: 1.
EMPLOYMENT MANAGER
. 3.
DEPARTMENT HEAD
GENERAL MANAGER
Tappication tor employment is sold only for general wae throughout the United States. Auarts assumes no responsiblity and mercy disclaims any schity for the inclusion n this
ara of any questions or requests for informat on upot which a violation of local, state and/or federal law may be based. It is the user's responsibility to ersure that this torm's use com
ties win applicable laws, which change from time to time
GIUFFRE009202
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page303 of 648
Monday, November 7, 2016
1 Quicken Data - All Accounts
Page: 1
QuickReport by Description
8/12/69 through 1/29/03
Date
Account
4/22/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
5/6/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
5/6/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
5/20/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
6/4/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
Total 8/12/69 - 1/29/03
Num
Payee
1500 Virginia Roberts
1522 VOIDvirginia Roberts
1523 Virginia Roberts
1541 Virginia Roberts
1555 Virginia Roberts
Memo
Category
CIr
split
split
split
split
R
R
R
R
Total Inflows
Total Outflows
Net Total
GIUFFRE009203
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page304 of 648
Moriday, November 7, 2016
1 Quicken Data - All Accounts
Page: 2
QuickReport by Description
8/12/69 through 1/29/03
Amount
-407.68
0.00
-380.35
-325.16
- 156.08
- 1,269.27
0.00
-1,269.27
,269.27
GIUFFRE009204
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page305 of 648
Monday, November 7, 2016
1 Quicken Data - All Accounts
Page: 1
Date
Account
Income/Expenses
Expenses
Salary
4/22/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
5/6/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
5/20/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
6/4/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
Total Salary
Taxes:
Social security
4/22/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
5/6/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
5/20/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
6/4/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
Total Social security
Witholding
4/22/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
5/6/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
5/20/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
6/4/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
Total Witholding
Total Taxes
Expenses - Other
5/6/02 Courtyard Animal Hospital
Total Expenses - Other
Total Expenses
Total Income/Expenses
Num
Category Detail Report
4/1/02 through 7/1/02
Payee
Memo
Category
1500 Virginia Roberts
1523 Virginia Roberts
1541 Virginia Roberts
1555 Virginia Roberts
Salary
Salary
Salary
Salary
1500 Virginia Roberts
1523 Virginia Roberts
1541 Virginia Roberts
1555 Virginia Roberts
1500 Virginia Roberts
1555 Virginia Roberts
Taxes:Social security
Taxes:Social security
Taxes:Social security
Taxes: Social security
Taxes:Witholding
Taxes:Witholding
Taxes:Witholding
Taxes:Witholding
1522 VOIDvirginia Roberts
CIr
R
R
R
R
R
R
R
R
R
Amount
-507.50
-472.50
-399.75
- 182.00
-1,561.75
38.82
36.15
30.59
13.92
119.48
61.00
56.00
44.00
12.00
173.00
292.48
0.00
0.00
-1,269.27
-1,269.27
GIUFFRE009205
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page306 of 648
April 2002 Payroll
Paycheck 1
Paycheck 2
$
Paycheck 3
-
-
Jenna
Social Security
Withholding
Social Security
Withholding
Social Security
Withholding
Social Security
Withholding
Social Security
Withholding
Social Security
Withholding
Monthly Totals
Social Security
Witholding
Total Liability
$
$
Lotal
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
38.82
61.00
$
$
$
$
38.82
61.00
$
x2=
GIUFFRE009206
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page307 of 648
Jenna
Social Security
Withholding
Social Security
Withholding
Social Security
Withholding
Social Security
Withholding
Social Security
| Withholding
Social Security
/Withholding
Monthly Totals
Sociai Security
Withholding
Total Liability
May 2002 Payroll
Paycheck 1
Paycheck 2
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
Paycheck 3
$
Total
$
$
$
$
36.15
56.00
30.59
44.00
$
66.74
100.00
$
$
$
GIUFFRE009207
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page308 of 648
June 2002 Payroll
Paycheck 1
Paycheck 2
5
Total
Jenna
Salary
Social Security
Withholding
Salary
Social Security
Withholding
Salary
Social Security
Withholding
Salary
Social Security
withholding
Salary
Social Security
Withholding
Salary
Social Security
Withholding
Monthly Totals
Salary
- Social Security
Withholding
Total Liability
Paycheck 3
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
182.00
13.92
12.00
$
$
$
182.00
13.92
12.00
x2=
$
GIUFFRE009208
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 309 of 648
DRIVER LICENSE
CLASS E
Florida
- The Sunshine State —
VIRGINIA LEE ROBERTS
OXA LITCHEE
1L13470-4921
ORGAN DONOR
P010112070332
Operabon of a motor vehicle conattutes consent to any sobriety inat negured by low.
SOCIAL SECURITY
SAL SECU
GIUFFRE009209
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page310 of 648
e5/29/2€0л 13:12
3055533303
ALLEN SHAPPE
PAGE UL
Form W-4 (2001)
ee. Complate Form W-4 80
can
withhold
the
correct
Peter nomit yar
incomi
Because your lax siluation may
chan
you may want to rollgure your withnoto
ing
tromption
trom
complate orry linee 1,
5, 4ou
8/0
and
7,
the form to valloate it.
or 2001 expires Fearvery 16, 2002
Your exemption
Note: You çaring cisim exemption from withhola
Ing i (l) your income axceeds $750 and included
more then
$250 of uneamact income fo.g., intar-
ast and civicends and 12)
another person can
cler you as a dependent on their tax return.
Besic instruediona I you are not exemp
com-
Diere
o40%
tha
Personal
Worksheet
The worksheets on page 2 adjuat your
withholding
slowancos
serien
Frolite.
arjustments
to
prete.
you figure the number of with noiding allowances
you are enutied to
clim. However, you mery
claim tener (or zerol allowancee
Need
ot household.
read
Hang ratue on your lad
relurn
an
your
Lax
only
we unmared and
ply
ten 50%
more
of the costs of keeping up a nome for
form 1040-E8,
Tar for individual
Otherwise, you may awe soditional tax.
have a working
rate
Fom W-s lor the
alowences are claimed on the oran
job and ter
ax arora. You can take projected tax cruciti
no account in figuring your slowable number o
withholling
allowances.
Credits
for
chid
dependent
care
rect may
dared wing the
child tax
Worksheet below.
betime Bes
Persona
• Pub.
฿10
ow Do i satur My Tax Withoming? for oto
mation
withhobing Biowardes
converting your other credis
Into
amount you are
your projected tota lax
a Lak or 2001. Get Pea 915
or 2001. Ca
ontanes on page and your earrange excee
160,000 Singlal or $200,000 (Marrier
Recen nere
change? it your name on ine 1 on.
rs. tom that shown on your socist mounty cor
Hl1-800-T72-1213 tra new socil seourtty of
• dividerk
sonal Alowancee Worksheer ikeso for your racords.
Enter "f" for yourself it no one else can ciam you as a dependent
AJ
• You are single and have only one ob; or
B
Enter "f" it.
• You are married, have only one job, and your spouse does not work; or
• Your wages from a second job or your spouse's wages (or the total of both) are $1,000 or leas
© Enter "y" tor your spouse. But, you may choose to arter -0-it you are married and have ether & working spouse or
more than one lab. (Entering -O- may help you avoid having too little tax withheld.) .
Enter number of dependants (other than your spouse or yourself you will olelm on your tax retum.
Enter. "f" it you will fle as heed of household on your tax retum (age conditions under Head at household above)
F Enter "y" if you heve at least $1,500 of child or dependent care expenzes for which you plan ta cinim a credit
(Notar: Do not include child support payments. See Put. 009, Chid and Dependent Care Experses, for details)
• Child Tax Credit (including additional child tax credit):
• I your total income will be between $18,000 and $50,000 ($23,000 and 563,000 If married), enter 1* for each eligible child.
• It your latal income will be between $50,000 and $80,000 ($83.000 and $115,000 If married), enter "y" if you have tho
eligible chidran, enter "2" it you have three or four eligible onldren, ar enter "g" it you have five or more eligible children. : G
M Add lines A trough G and enter fodel hard Note: This may be diorant oin the number of arampsane you chem on your tex retunt.)
• If you plan to itamize or olsim adjustmenta to income and want to roduce your withholding, seo the Deductions
For accuracy.
compete all
worksheels
that apply.
and Adjustmenta Worksheet on page 2.
• I you are single, have more than one job and your combined camings from all jobs axceed 535.000. ar If you
are marrled and have a working spouse or more than one lot and the combined earnings trom all jobe exceed
$80,000, see the Two-Earer/Two-Job Worksheet on page 2 to avoid having too little tax withheid
• If neither of the above situations apples, stop hers and enter the number from line Hon line 6 of Form W-4 beiow.
Cut here and glue Form Wat to your employer. Keap the tap part for your records.
Form
W-4
Employee's Withholding Allowance Certificate
Department of the Tressury
Internel Reverue Service
1 For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, 009 page 2.
Type of print your fra name and
Kao Initlal
Let remo
Lipill
tome address in
under and street of rurg routel
OMB No. 1345-0010
2001
• singio Marted Murted but withnoid at higher Single rate.
Notes it mannied, but tepay superated, or spouse it t nonessent elen, check the singe tox
City or town, stace, and ZIP code
if your laat neme differs from thei on your rockel seourtty dard.
wait tel
aback tara. You must cel 1-800-777-1219 tor a new card. *
5
Total number of allowances you ars claiming (trom the H above or from the applicable worksheet on page 2)
Additional amount, If any, you want withheld from each paycheck.
LO
S
i claim exemption from withholding for 2001, and I certify that i meet both of the tollowing conditions for exemption:
• Last yoar I had e right to a relund of all Federal income tax withheld because ! had no tax Habllity and
• This your l expect a retund of all Federal income tax withheid because / expect to have no tax liability.
if you meet both conditions, write "Exempt" hare
Under penells of penury, I portly that an entited the number of mitholding alcanced delmad on thie cardhoate, or lam snitted to laim oxemp atatua
Employa's signature
Fom l not valia
nas you sign d
incity
& Employer's reme ad adrena (Emplayor: Compiete lines 8 and 10 orty I! sending to the IAS.)
Date f
Office code
optional
Empiayer ider tilication number
Get No.
102200
GIUFFRE009210
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page311 of 648
Courtyard Animal Hospital
13860-31 Wellington Trace
Wellington, FL 33414
(561) 784-7387
Ms. Roberts (jenna),
It is obvious that you have a number of personal issues going on that need your
immediate attention and keep you from being able to focus on and perform the
material duties of your job here at Courtyard Animal Hospital.
In the short time you have been employed here, you have missed 'multiple days.
arrived late, called in sick multiple times. The reasoning you have given has shown
that you are "distracted" at minimum. Between your "engine falling out of your car,
your axle breaking off which your boyfriend 'repaired it roadside' and your landlord
tossing all your furniture and clothing out in the front yard and setting it on fire", it
is clear that you have more pressing issues in your life to focus on. You have been
unable to perform to an acceptable standard within our company.
It is because of your inability to perform your duties here, be in attendance when
scheduled and focus on the job requirements that we are forced to terminate your
employment.
Pinkwasser
GIUFFRE009211
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page312 of 648
EXHIBIT X


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page313 of 648
Date:
Time:
4/25/16
8:52:02
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
Offense Report
Page:
Program:
1
CMS301L
Day Of Week
.: Sunday
Occur From Date: 6/10/01 21:00
Report Date
•: 6/10/01 21:25
Occur To Date
: 6/10/01 21:05
Dept Class . . :
BURGLARY - Non-Vehicle
Street Number
city.•
• •
ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
Zone/division
: Zone One (1) (No of Okee)
Location Type
: APARTMENT/CONDO
Case Status
:
EXCEPTIONALLY CLEARED
Report Officer : WOOD,
FRANK
Supervisory Emp: HUGHES, THOMAS 6/17/01
Case Status Dt : 8/21/01
************ CASE MANAGEMENT INFORMA T I O N *************
Case
Number : 1-01-002214
Dept Class . . :
BURGLARY - Non-Vehicle
case Status . : EXCEPTIONALLY CLEARED Case Status Dt : 8/21/01
Investigator • : KACZOR, R.
Case Number . : 1-01-002214
Investigator.
: KACZOR, KENNETH
Assignment Date: 6/19/01
***ASSIGNMENT HISTORY***
Dept Unit
..: DETECTIVE
supervisor . . : ROBKIN, ROBERT
*********************OFFENSE
REPORT # 1 ************
State
Class
•: Burglary - Non-Vehicle
Attmpt/Committ : Committed
Statute/Ordin : 810.02 (4B)
Forced Entry .: Yes
Premises Enter : 1
Structure Occup: Unoccupied
*****
*********************OFFENSE
State
Class
Assault Simple
Statute/Ordin
: 784.03 (1A)
REPORT # 2 *******************
Attmpt/Committ : Committed
weapon Type . : Hands/Fists/Feet
*********OFFENSE PRIMARY
RELATION SHIP S ***********
offense #: 001 Burglary - Non-Vehicle / / 810.02(4B)
Name #... :
001
(SUSP) UNKNOWN,
Name #...:
001
(VICT) AUSTRICH, JAMES M.
Offense #:
002
Assault Simple / / 784.03 (1A)
Name #...:
001
(SUSP) UNKNOWN,
Name #
001
(VICT) AUSTRICH, JAMES M.
**************uspECT/ARRE STEE INFORMATION-
Case
Number
.: 1-01-002214
Prompt valid in: UNKNOWN,
City
: ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
Home Phone No. : 561/000-0000
usiness Phone : 561/000-0000
Race •
: Unknown
Sex
• Unknow
• •
Ethnic Origin
: Hispanic
# 1 **
**************WITNESS
Case Number
•: 1-01-002214
Street Number :
city... ..: ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
County.
..: PALM BEACH
Home Phone No.
Business Phone :
Birth Date .
Birth Country
Unknown
Oper Lic No. . :
Race . . . . . :
White
FL United States
Sex
INFORMAIION -
# 1 ******************
Last Name
: PERKINS JR,
JOHN MARTIN
:
: Male
CERTIFIED
TO BE A TRUE COPY
RIC L: BRADSHAW, SHERIFF
GM_00780


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page314 of 648
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
Offense Report
Date:
Time:
4/25/16
8:52:02
Page:
Program: CMS301L
1-01-002214 (Continued)
Ethnic Origin : WHITE
**************VICTIM INFORMATION - # 1********************
Case Number
.: 1-01-002214
Prompt valid in: AUSTRICH, JAMES MICHAEL
Street Number
City . . ...
ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
County •
•
PALM BEACH
Home Phone No.
Business Phone
561/000-0000
Birth Date
Birth Country : Unknown
oper Lic Cntry
Unknown
Race . .
..: White
Sex
Ethnic Origin' : WHITE
• •
Male
Victim Type
• : Adult
*********OTHER
PERSON
INFORMATION - # 1*********
Case Number • : 1-01-002214
Last Name . . : ROBERTS, VIRGINIA L
Person Type
.: OTHER PERSON
Street Number : 368 BENT OAK DR
City . . . ..: ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
County
.: PALM BEACH
Home
Phone No.:
Business Phone : 561/714-5252
Birth Date . .
Birth Country : Unknown
Oper Lic Intry :
Unknown
Race . .
•.: White
Ethnic Origin
: WHITE
Height::: Female
Weight . . ..: 103
*****************
Original Report
****** NARRATIVE
# 1 ****
Reported By: WOOD, FRANK I.
Entered By.: JARRETT, DAWN M.
ON SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 2001 AT APPROXIMATELY 2124 HOURS, I
RESPONDED TO
•, ROYAL PALM BEACH, FLORIDA IN
REFERENCE TO A BATTERY COMPLAINT. UPON MY ARRIVAL I MET WITH THE
VICTIM JAMES MICHAEL AUSTRICH.
AUSTRICH STATED THAT HIS
EX-FIANCE VIRGINIA ROBERTS, WHO ALSO RESIDES AT THE ABOVE LISTED
ADDRESS, BROUGHT HER FRIEND ANTHONY TO THE APARTMENT. AUSTRICH AND
UNKNOWN SUSPECT ANTHONY DIDN'T GET ALONG.
THE SUSPECT THEN BECAME
VERBALLY ABUSIVE TO AUSTRICH.
AUSTRICH THEN TOLD ANTHONY TO LEAVE
THE APARTMENT. ANTHONY THEN BECAME AGITATED AND AGAIN AUSTRICH TOLD
HIM TO LEAVE. AUSTRICH'S FRIEND JOHN PERKINS WAS PRESENT DURING THE
ALTERCATION AND STATED IN A SWORN WRITTEN STATEMENT THAT HE ALSO TOLD
ANTHONY TO LEAVE THE APARTMENT. PERKINS WAS IN FEAR THAT AUSTRICH
AND ANTHONY WERE GOING TO FIGHT. ANTHONY FINALLY LEFT THE
APARTMENT. AUSTRICH GOT THE APARTMENT DOOR CLOSED ANTHONY THEN
REOPENED THE DOOR AND ENTERED THE APARTMENT WITHOUT AUSTRICH'S
PERMISSION, AND PUNCHED AUSTRICH ON THE LEFT SIDE OF HIS FACE WITH A
CLOSED FIST CAUSING MINOR SWELLING AND A LARGE RED MARK. PERKINS
THEN WENT TO THE TELEPHONE AND CALLED POLICE. ANTHONY OBSERVED
PERKINS ON THE TELEPHONE AND FLED THE SCENE PRIOR TO MY ARRIVAL.
******
6/10/01
6/21/01
AUSTRICH ALSO PROVIDED ME WITH A SWORN WRITTEN STATEMENT.
I
ASKED AUSTRICH IF HE NEEDED MEDICAL TREATMENT?
AUSTRICH VERBALLY
STATED THAT HE DID NOT NEED ANY MEDICAL TREATMENT.
CERTIFIED
TO BE A TRUE COPY
RIC L. BRADSHAW, SHERIFF
GM_00781


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page315 of 648
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
Offense Report
Date:
Time:
4/25/16
8:52:02
Page:
Program: CMS301I1
1-01-002214
(Continued)
***********
SUPPLEMENT
****** NAR RA T I VE
# 2 ***************************
Reported
By: WOOD, FRANK I.
6/16/01
Entered By.: JARRETT, DAWN M.
6/21/01
SINCE 6/10/01 NUMEROUS ATTEMPTS BY TELEPHONE AND IN PERSON HAVE
BEEN MADE TO GET MORE SUSPECT INFORMATION. NOR JAMES AUSTRICH, JOHN
PERKINS, AND OR VIRGINIA ROBERTS HAVE BEEN AT THE RESIDENCE OR
ANSWERING MY TELEPHONE MESSAGES, AT THIS TIME I WISH CLASSIFY THIS
CASE AS INACTIVE DUE IO SUSPECTS LACK OF COOPERATION.
*************
SUPPLEMENT
************NARRATIVE # 3 ******
Reported By: KACZOR, KENNETH A.
Entered By.: KACZOR, KENNETH A.
Reviewed By: PERVENECKI, DAVID A.
********
8/14/01
8/14/01
8/21/01
I have attempted contact with the victim numerous times and have been
unsuccessful. Messages left with roommates have been ignored and
victim has refused to call me regarding this case. This case is
exceptionally cleared due to the victim's lack of cooperation.
********
*
***END OF REPORT************
* *
*
**
CERTIFIED
TO BE A TRUE COPY
RIC L. BRADSHAW, SHERIFF
GM_00782


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page316 of 648
EXHIBIT Y


ADMIN.
OBTS Number.
Agency ORI Number
FLOL
5,0
12
18 0 0
Charge Type:
Check as many
X1. Felony
Case 18-2868
Document 278
• 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page317 of 648
PROBABLE CAUSE AFFIDAVIT
3. Request for Warrant
2. N
4. Request for Capias
Agency Report Number
-9
Special Notes:
113,0,4,61
Juvenile
as apply.
• 2. Traffic Felony
Agency Name
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
_ 3. Misdemeanor
5. Ordinance
• 4. Traffic Misdemeanor
6. Other
Name (Last, First. Middle)
FIGUEROĄ, ANTHONY
Charge Description
POSS OF MARIJUANA OVER 20 GRAMS
Charge Description
POSS OF DRUG PARAPHERNALIA
Victim's Name (Last, Firat, Middle)
STATE
OF
Race
Sax
Dittina
W
M
Charge DiP POSS. WITH INTENT TO SELL
chero DOSS OF CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE
Race
Sex
Date of Birth
LORIDA
Local Addreas (Street, Apt., Number)
(Cty)
(State)
(zip)
Phone
Address Spurce
Business Address (Name, Street)
(City)
(State)
(zip)
Phone
Occupation
The undersigned certifies and swears that he/she has jual and reasonable grounds to belleve, and does believe that the above named Defendant committed the following violation of law.
The Person taken into custody...
committed the below acts in my presence.
- was observed by
, who told.
confessed to
that he/she saw the arrested person commit the below acts
admitting to the below facts.
was found to have committed the below acts, resulting from my (described) investigation.
On the
19TH
day of
NOVEMBER ,92...
5:00
_•A.M. X P.M. (Specifically include facts constituting cause for arrest.)
THE ROYAL PALM BEACII POLICE DEPARTMENT WITH MUTUAL AID FROM THRUSKE
WORTH POLICE DEPARTMENT, PERFORMED A SEARCH WARRANT AT
PRESENT INSIDE T
RESIDENCE WAS ANTHONY FIGUEROA,
, ALL OCCUPANTS WERE READ THEIR
OFFI
HECKLER (#115).
HE SEARCH OF THIS RESIDENCE REVEALED THE FOLLOWING:
INSIDE ANTHONY FIGUEROA'S BEDROOM (NORTHWEST BEDROOM) WAS APPROX 106
GRAMS OF SUSPECT MA
RIJUANA HIDDEN INSIDE A CAMOUFLAGE BAG, NEXT HIS BED ON
THE BOTTOM SHELVE OF A BOOK RACK. THIS SUSPECT MARIJUANA WAS INDIVIDUALLY
WRAPPED IN PLASTIC 12 BAGS, PACKAGE FOR SALE. LOCATED IN ANOTHER BOOK SHELVE
WAS A SMALL PILL BOX WHICH ACCORDING TO ANTHONY FIGUEROA WAS "X-TASY" OR
IDMA, WHICH IS A CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE. THROUGHOUT ANTHONY FIGUEROA'S
BEDROOM WERE NUMEROUS USED NOS CANISTERS, A GLASS SMOKING PIPE, A BLACK BOX
CONTAINING CRUSHED CIGARS INTERNALS, BALLOONS FOR "HUFFING", ALONG WITH
POSTERS THAT CONTAIN
ED MARIJUANA PLANTS AND DRUG REFERENCES. ALSO LOCATED
IN THE BOOK SHELVE WERE PHOTOS NEGATIVES OF ANTHONY FIGUEROA SMOKING FROM
A LARGE "BONG"
HEN LAKE WORTH POLICE ENTERED
DISCOVERED ANTHONY FIGUEROA INSIDE THE COMMON BATHROOM
», THEY
A SEARCH OF THIS
BATHROOM BY OFC. STRONG REVEALED A PLASTIC BAG CONTAINING 16 GMS OF SUSPECT
MARIJUANA HIDDEN BETWEEN TWO TOWELS IN THE CLOSET. JUVENILE REFERRAL WAS
ISSUED TO THE PARENT. NOTHING FURTHER.
ADMINISTRATIVE
SWORN AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME
NOTARY PUBLIC / CLERK OF COURT / POLICE OFFICER
11-19-99
DATE
DISTRIBUTION:
WHITE - Court Copy
GREEN - State Attorney
OTATE OF FLORIDA PALM BEACH COUNTY
I hereby settly that the foregning is a
true copy of the record in my office witt
THIS DAORD
SHARON P
CLERK & COMATRST
By
DEPUTY CLERK
SIGNATURE-OF ARRESTING INVERTIGATING OFFICER
OFC. SEARING
NAME OF OFFICER (PLEASE PRINT)
11-19-99
DATE
YELLOW-- Agency
PINK -- Agency
PAGE
1
1
GOLDEN6D01225
_OF.


OBTS Number
Case 18-2868,
Document. 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page318 of 648
PROBABLE CAUSE AFFIDAVIT
2. AT
3. Request for Warrant
4. Request for Capias
Juvenile
ADMIN.
Agency ORI Number
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
9-3,046 1.
2. Traffic Felony
Name (Last, First, Middle)
Figueroa, Anthony
Charge Description
Poss. marijuana over 20 gms.
Charge Description
Poss. of Drug Paraphernalia
Victim's Name (Last, Firat, Middle)
State
Of Florida
Local Address (Street, Apt., Number)
(City)
VICTI
(State)
Alias
Race
W
Charge Description
й 112128,2
Poss. with intent to sell
Charpe Da Pross. of Controlled Substance (MDMA)
Date of Birth
(zip)
Phone
L L
-1
Addreas Source
Business Address (Name, Street)
(City)
(State)
(zip)
Phone
Occupation
The undersigned certifies and swears that he/she has just and reasonable grounds to believe, and does believe that the above named Defendant committed the following violation of law.
The Peraon taken into custody ...
committed the below acts in my presence.
was observed by -
confessed to
who told
admitting to the below facts.
that he/she saw the arrested person commit the below acts.
X was found to have committed the below acts, resulting from my (described) investigation.
On the -
April 2000
_19 X at _
• A.M. 2 P.M. (Specifically include facts constituting cause for arrest.)
****************AMENDED PROBABLE CAUSE ******************
On 04-13 -00, I received from Evidence Custodian Fanelli, one pill inside a purple pill case seized from the
search warrant executed on 11-19-99 on Anthony Figueroa residence. The purpose of this was to test this one
pill for the presence of MDMA, using a beroin test kit. The pill tested positive for the presence of MDMA by
turning the color black. It should be noted that on 11-19-1999, after Anthony Figueroa was read his Miranda
rights, he was interviewed and admitted that the pill inside the purple case was indeed ecstasy or MDMA.
This pill has a "Batman" symbol imprinted on it. This pill was placed back into evidence. Based on this
TEMENT
information, I believe probable cause now exists for the poss. of a controlled substance (MDMA). Note, all
suspect marijuana seized at
: tested positive for narcotic content.
This amended probable cause was sent to S/A Debra Colton for charge purposes. Nothing further.
STATE OF FLORIDA • PALM BEACH COUNTY
/ hereby certify that the foregoing is a
SHARON R. BOCK
CLERK
COMPTROL
DEPUTY CLERK
ADMINISTRATIVE
SWORN AND SUESCRIBED BEFORE ME
NOTARY PUBLICTCLERK OF COURT
04-17-2000
DATE
By
SIGNATURE S
ERTINE INVESTIGATING OFFICER
a Officer George Searing 101
NAME OF OFFICER (PLEASE PRINT)
04-17-2000
DATE
PAGE
1
GM_01224
. OF.


4
STATE OF FLORIDA
VS.
ANTHONY LUIS FIGUEROA, W/MJ
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page319 of 648
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT
AND FOR NACOSY, STATE OF FLORIDA
CRIMINAL DIVISION I
ORIGINAL
CASE NO. 00-4937CF ADa
ISSUE WARRANT
CIRCUIT CRIMINAL
CIR & CO
TS P.B. CO FL
MILKEN. CLERN
INFORMATION FOR:
1)
POSSESSION OF SCHEDULE I SUBSTANCE
POSSESSION OF MARIJUANA IN EXCESS OF 20 GRAMS
3)
4)
POSSESSION OF PARAPHERNALIA (PRODUCTION)
POSSESSION OF PARAPHERNALIA (USE)
In the Name and by Authority of the State of Florida:
BARRY E. KRISCHER, State Attorney for the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, by and
through his undersigned Assistant State Attorney, charges that ANTHONY LUIS FIGUEROA on or about
November 19, 1999, in the County of Palm Beach and State of Florida, was unlawfully and knowingly in actual or
constructive possession of a substance classified within Schedule I, Florida Statute 893.03(4), commonly known
as MDMA, a controlled substance, contrary to Florida Statute 893.13(6)(a). (3 DEG FEL)
COUNT 2: Informant aforesaid, under oath, further information makes that ANTHONY LUIS FIGUEROA on or
about November 19, 1999, in the County of Palm Beach and State of Florida, was unlawfully and knowingly in
actual or constructive possession of more than 20 grams of a material, compound, mixture or preparation which
contained cannabis, commonly known as marijuana, a controlled substance, contrary to Florida Statute
893.13(6)(a). (3 DEG FEL)
COUNT 3: Informant aforesaid, under oath, further information makes that ANTHONY LUIS FIGUEROA on or
about November 19, 1999, in the County of Palm Beach and State of Florida, was unlawfully and knowingly in
actual or constructive possession of bags, and/or a pill box, and/or a box, which was drug paraphernalia being
used, intended for use, or designed for use in planting, propogating, cultivating, growing, harvesting,
manufacturing, compounding, converting, producing, processing, preparing, testing, analyzing, packaging,
repackaging, storing, containing or concealing a controlled substance, contrary to Florida Statute 893.147(1)(a).
(1 DEG MISD)
COUNT 4: Informant aforesaid, under oath, further information makes that ANTHONY LUIS FIGUEROA on or
about November 19, 1999, in the County of Palm Beach and State of Florida, was unlawfully and knowingly in
actual or constructive possession of a pipe, and/or balloons, which was drug paraphernalia being used, intended
for use, or designed for use in injecting, ingesting, inhaling, or otherwise introducing into the human body a
DEBRA COLTUN
FL. BAR NO. 0561622
Assistant State Attorney
Palm Beach County, Florida
SA 00CJ001567A02
GM_01225
/


. Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page320 of 648
STATE OF PLORIDA
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH
Appeared before me, DEBRA COLTUN Assistant State Attorney for Palm Beach County, Florida,
personally known to me, who, being first duly sworn, says that the allegations as set forth in the foregoing
information are based upon facts that have been sworn to as true, and which, if true, would constitute the offense
therein charged, that this prosecution is instituted in good faith, and certifies that testimony under oath has been
received from the material witness or witnesses for the offense
le
Assistant State Attorney
Sworn to and subscribed to before me this
2 day of Aprit, 200.
Elida Pazarkane
NOTARY PUBLIC, State of Florida
Citation Nos. (if applicable) ; ;;
Elida Pasharikov
MY COMMISSION # 00643390 EXPIRES
April 28, 2007
BONDED THEN TADY PAIN INBURANCE, IND,
STATE OF FLORIDA • PALM BEACH COUNTY
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a
38000i
SHARON R. BOSK
CLERK & COMPTROLLER
By.
savers
DEPUTY CLERK
SA
00CJ001567A02
GM_01226


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page321 of 648
IN THE CIRC
T COURT OF THE
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA
SENTENCE
(Probation)Community Control Violator)
(As to Count(s)_
Defendant ANTHOALER FIGUERCA
Case Number
NOV 2 1 2809
OBTS Number
b. HY H. WILKE CLERK
CIRCUIT & COUNTY COURTS
The Detendant, peing personally before this Court, accompanied by the defendafdslattorhey of record
-, and having been adjudicated guilty herein, and the Court having
given the Defendant an opportunity to be heard and to offer matters in mitigation of sentence, and to
show cause why defendant should not be sentenced as provided by law, and no cause being shown, and
the Court having placed the Defendant on probation/community control and having subsequently
revoked the Defendant's probation/community control for violation(s) of condition(s)
-
IT IS THE SENTENCE OF THE COURT that:
The Defendant pay a fine of $
- pursuant to §
_. Fla. Stat., plus $
_ as the 5%
surcharge (of the fine imposed) required by F.S. 960-25, which shall be deposited in the Crimes
Compensation Trust Fund.
The Defendant is hereby committed to the custody of the
1 1 Department of Corrections
| | Sheriff of Palm Beach County, Florida
for a term of 30DA
Eis further ordered that the Defendant shall be allowed a total of J
- days
as credit for time incarderated prior to imposition of this sentence. It is further ordered that the
composite term of all sentences imposed for the counts specified in the order shall run
I consecutive to [V
, concurrent with (check one) the following:
Any active sentence being served.
1] Specific sentences:
In the event the above sentence is to the Department of Corrections, the Sheriff of Palm Beach County,
Florida is hereby ordered and directed to deliver the Defendant to the Department of Corrections together
with a copy of the Judgment and Sentence, and any other documents specified by Florida Statue.
The defendant in open court was advised of right to appeal from this Sentence by filing notice of appeal
within thirty days from this date with the Clerk of the Court, and the Defendant's right to the assistance
of counsel in taking said appeal at the expenselfthe one upon showing of indigency.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a
DONE AND ORDERE
• NOV. 1e
Congton Way eury A Palm Beach County, Florida this Zi
fedaotions, if anyas,
DAY O
.20.
SHARON R. BOOKU
ÉRK) & COMPTROLLER
ear
(rev. 12/98)
By
uve
- CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE
DEPUTY CLERK
GM_01227 22
EDWARD A. GARRISON


Case 18-2868. Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page322 of 648
95
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT O
LE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA, IN AN
R PALM BEACH COUNTY
CASENDO 4937CE
AOR DIV.-
Noy-29-2808 82:65pm 00-455611
ORB 12162 Pg
924
DORDTHY H. WILKEN, CLERK PB COUNTY,
FL
STATE OF FLORIDA
COMMUNITY
CONTROL
VIOLATOR
ANTHONY L FIGUERDAY
DEFENDANT
PROBATION
VIOLATOR
FILED
JUDGMENT
NOV 2 1 2000
APD
CIRCUIT & COUNTY COURTS
_ (attorney)
Having been tried and found guilty of the
following crime(s):
Having entered a plea of guilty to the
following crimes):
Having entered a plea of nolo
contendere to the following
crime(s):
COUNT
OFFENSE STATUTE NUMBERS)
893,
/
DEGREE
3F
CASE
NUMBER
OBTS
NUMBER
CRIME
Poss SCHEDUlEDI
SuBs
VOp)
and no cause having been shown why the Defendant should not be adjudicated guilty, IT IS ORDERED THAT the Defendant is hereby ADJUDICATED
GUILTY of the above crime(s).
[]
and having been convicted or found guilty of, or having entered a plea of nolo contendere or guilty, regardless of adjudication, to attempts or offenses relating
to sexual battery (ch. 794), lewd and lascivious conduct (ch. 800), or murder (s. 782.04), aggravated battery (s. 784.045), carjacking (s. 812.133), or home
invasion robbery (s. 812.135), or any other offense specified in section 943.325, the defendant shall be required to submit blood specimens.
and good cause being shown: IT IS ORDERED THAT ADJUDICATION OF GUILT BE WITHHELD
SENTENCE
STAYED
(1 The Court hereby stays and withholds imposition of sentence as to counts) and places the Defendant on
[] Probation and/or [ ]
Community Control under the supervision of the Dept. of Corrections (conditions of probation set forth in separate order).
SENTENCE
DEFERRED
[] The Court hereby defers imposition of sentence until
The Defendant in Open Court was advised of his right to appeal from the Judgment by filing notice of appeal with the Clerk of Court within thirty days
following the date sentence is imposed or probation is ordered pursuant to this adjudication. The defendant was also advised of his right to the assistance
DONE AND ORDERED in Pen Cows At WEN #BA UPäYm Beach County, Florida, this _
1 hereby certify that the foregoing is a
true copy of the record in my office with
recastions, n ar
THIS
> DAY dE
(rev. 1/97)
SHARON R. BOCH
CLER
By
POUTER
DEPUTY CLERK
_ day or Nou
7000
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE
GM 01228 21
EDWARD A. GARRISON


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page323 of 648
EXHIBIT Z


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page324 of 648
Date:
Time:
4/25/16
8:51:59
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
Offense Report
Page:
1
Program: CMS301L
Day Of Week
•: Friday
Occur From Date: 8/03/01 20:00
Report Date
Occur To Date
: 8/03/01 23:43
: 8/03/01 23:42
Dept Class . . : THEFT/LARCENY
Street Number : HIDDEN HARBOR,
City
• • : ROYAL PALM BEACH,
FL 33411
Zone/division
: Zone Iwo (2) (So of Okee/E thr wil)
Location Type : APARTMENT/CONDO
Case Status
: OPEN / NOT ACTIVE
Report Officer : LLEWELLYN, CRAIG
Supervisory Emp: MURPHY, THOMAS 8/06/01
Case Status Dt : 8/03/01
************ CASE
MANAGEMENT
I N FORMATION *************
Case
Number: 1-01-003008
Dept Class . . : THEFT/LARCENY
Case Status
.: OPEN / NOT ACTIVE
Case Status Dt : 8/03/01
*********************•FFENSE
REPORT # 1 ************
State Class
•: Larceny - From Building
Attmpt/Committ : Conmitted
Statute/Ordin : 812.014 (2C1)
*
********* PROPERTY
Category . . . : STOLEN
Quantity..
: 5
Value
• ..: 500.00
INFORMATION # 1*********************
UCR Prop Type : CURRENCY, NOTE,
ETC.
Description
•: US CURRENCY
Property type : CURRENCY/NEGOTIABLE
************** sUSPECT/ARRESTEE
INFORMATION - #1**
Case Number
•: 1-01-003008
Prompt valid in: UNKNOWN,
City.
• • : ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
Home Phone No. : 561/000-0000
Business Phone: 561/000-0000
Race
..: Unknown
Sex
...
: Unknown
Ethnic Origin : Hispanic
************** VICTIM
Case
Number
•: 1-01-003008
Street Number
: |
City . . . . . : ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
County . .
..: PALM BEACH
Business Phone: 561/714-5252
Birth Country : Unknown
Race .
.: White
Ethnic Origin : WHITE
weight . ... : 103
INFORMAIION
- # 1 ********************
Prompt valid in: ROBERTS, VIRGINIA I
Victim Type
500
: Juvenile
********* OTHER
PERSON
Case Number
Care a Type: 001R 3000N
Street Number
:
City..... ..:
ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
County . . . . : PALM BEACH
Business Phone : 561/000-0000
Birth Country : Unknown
Race
.: White
Ethnic Origin : WHITE
INFORMATION - # 1*********
Last Name
: FIGUEROA, ANTHONY L
• r
oper
Lic Cntry :
Unknown
Sex
Juvenile :
: Male
: ADULT
*********OTHER
PERSON
Case
Number
.: 1-01-003008
INFORMATION
- #2*********
Last Name
•.: SWITZER, KYLE M
CERTIFIED
TO BE A TRUE COPY
RIC L. BRADSHAW, SHERIFF
GM_00777


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page325 of 648
Date:
Time:
4/25/16
8:51:59
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
Offense Report
Page:
Program:
2
CMS301L
1-01-003008 (Continued)
Person Type
Street Number
City . ...
County ..
Birth Date
Oper Lic No.
Race • i
Ethnic Origin
OTHER PERSON
ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
PALM BEACH
Birth
Country
FL United States
Sex
• •
Unknown
White
: WHITE
: Male
*********OTHER
PERSON
Case Number . : 1-01-003008
Person Type
.: OTHER PERSON
Street Number
City . ... •: LOXAHATCHEE, FI 33470
County . .
.: PALM BEACH
Business Phone: 561/000-0000
Birth Country : Unknown
Race
.: White
Ethnic Origin : WHITE
INFORMATION - # 3 *********
Last Name
• • : RIGEL, DUSTIN
•
Oper
Sex
Lic Cntry :
Unknown
..: Male
********* OTHER
Case
Number
PERSON
•
: 1-01-003008
Person Type
Street Number
City . ...
County .
Business Phone
Birth Country
Race .
Ethnic Origin
INFORMATION
- # 4 *********
Last Name
•.: JEFFERSON, CRAIG
********* OTHER
PERSON
Case Number
.: 1-01-003008
Person Type
Street Number
County..
county: :::
Business Phone
Birth Country
Race
Ethnic Origin
INFORMATION
_# 5 *********
Last Name
• : URVIS,
SCOTT
*********OTHER
PERSON
Case Number . : 1-01-003008
Person Type .
OTHER PERSON
Street Number
City . . ..
County.
Business Phone
Birth Country
Oper Lic No.
Race
White
INFORMATION - # 6 *********
Last Name
• : RISDEN, RICHARD ARTHUR
ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
PALM BEACH
Home Phone No.
561/000-0000
Birth Date
Unknown
..
FL United States
Sex
: Male
CERTIFIED
TO BE A TRUE COPY
RiC L: BRADSHAW, SHERIFF
GM_00778


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page326 of 648
Date:
Time:
4/25/16
8:51:59
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
Offense Report
Page:
3
Program: CMS301L
Ethnic Origin : WHITE
Weight . . ..: 160
1-01-003008
(Continued)
Height . . . . : 511
**************************** NARRATIVE
# 1 ******
original Report
Reported By: LLEWELLYN,
CRAIG R.
Entered By.: JARRETT, DAWN M.
ON 080301 AT 2343 HOURS I WAS DISPATCHED TO
IN
REFERENCE TO A SUSPICIOUS INCIDENT.
UPON ARRIVAL I MADE CONTACT WITH
VIRGINIA ROBERTS AND ANTHONY FIGUEROA THE RESIDENTS OF
V. ROBERTS STATED THAT EARLIER IN THE EVENING SHE HAD SEVERAL PEOPLE
VISITING HER AND A. FIGUEORA. V. ROBERTS STATED THAT WHILE THE
PEOPLE WHERE IN HER APARTMENT, ONE OF THEM WENT INTO HER BEDROOM AND
REMOVED $500.00 CASH FROM HER WALLET. V. ROBERTS STATED THAT SHE
DOES NOT KNOW WHICH OF HER VISITORS TOOK THE MONEY.
A. FIGUEROA
STATED THAT V. ROBERTS WALLET WAS LOCATED IN A POCKET OF A SHIRT
WHICH WAS INSIDE THE CLOSET OF THE MASTER BEDROOM. A. FIGUEROA
STATED THAT HE SPOKE TO ALI OF THE VISITORS ABOUT THE MISSING MONEY,
AND THAT NO ONE ADMITTED TO TAKING IT.
V. ROBERTS AND A. FIGUEROA
STATED THAT SEVERAL OF THE VISITORS HAD ALREADY LEFT PRIOR TO MY
ARRIVAL, AND THAT THEY COULD NOT PROVIDE NAME OR CONTACT INFORMATION
FOR THOSE THAT ALREADY LEFT.
I THEN MADE CONTACT WITH THE REMAINING VISITORS RICHARD RISEN,
SCOTT ORVIS, CRAIG JEFFERSON, DUSTIN RIGEL, AND KYLE SWITZER, A
RESIDENT OF
RESPONSIBLE
ALL INDIVIDUALS STATED THAT THEY WERE NOT
FOR
TAKING THE MONEY NOR DID ANY OF THEM KNOW WHO TOOK IT.
********
8/03/01
8/16/01
I TOOK THE NECESSARY INFORMATION FROM V. ROBERTS AND A. FIGUEROA
AND PROVIDED ME WITH A VICTIM'S RIGHTS SHEET THAT CONTAINED A CASE
NUMBER.
NO FURTHER SUSPECT INFORMATION AT TIME OF REPORT.
*
*
*
*
*
* * END OF REPORT * * * *
*
*
*
*
*
*
* *
* * *
CERTIFIED
TO BE A TRUE COPY
RIC L. BRADSHAW, SHERIFF
GM_00779


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page327 of 648
EXHIBIT AA


OQS - Viewing Tasel Buibe; 12076824nt 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page328 of 648
Page 1 of 2
PALM
CASE NO. 02075321
BEACH COUNTY
OFFENSE
SHERIFF'S OFFICE
PAGE
1
REPORT
CASE NO. 02075321
DISPOSITION: ZULU
DIVISION: ROAD PATROL
CIVIL MATTER
*
*
SIGNAL CODE: 66
CRIME CODE:
NON CRIME CODE: CC
CODE: 956606/02/02
ZONE: A81 GRID: 3C21
DEPUTY I.D.:
6933 NAME: WIKSE JOHN
ASSIST:
OCCURRED BETWEEN DATE: 06/02/02
, 2148 HOURS AND
DATE:
, 0000 HOURS
EXCEPTION TYPE:
INCIDENT LOCATION: 13475
N 24
CT
APT. NO.:
CITY: LOXAHATCHEE
STATE: FL
ZIP: 33470
O NO. PREMISES ENTERED:
SUNDAY
TIME D 2148 A 2159 C 2249
NO. OFFENSES: 00 NO. OFFENDERS: 00 NO. VEHICLES
STOLEN:
LOCATION:
NO. VICTIMS:
00 NO. ARRESTED:
0 FORCED ENTRY:
NAME LIST:
ROLE:
OTHER
PHILLIP E RATCLIFFE
SHY. M PACE.
509 wT.
165 HR
OWHER
LORRI M DEPASQUA
SEX: F RACE: WHA
504 WE: 120 HR
OTHER
VIRGINIA L ROBERTS
SEX: F RACE: W HT: 504 WT: 108 HR
RESIDENTIAL
ADDRESS:
155
SANTIAGO
ST
BUSINESS PHONE: 561
000-0000
COMPLATNANT
ANTHONY L FIGUEROA
ON JUNE 2, 2002 AI 2148 HOURS, I WAS DISPATCHED IO 13475 24TH COURT,
NORTH, LOXAHATCHEE, FLORIDA IN REFERENCE TO A REPORT OF A CIVIL DISPUTE
AND WHITE MALE,
THERE WAS A PILE OF PERSONAL EFFECTS (I.E. A LAMP, CLOTHING AND
rinted by
• Employee Id #: 8557 on
April 22, 2016 03:09:29PM
....-
CERTIFIED
TO DE A TRUE COPY
MOL. CRADSHAW, SHERIFF
GM_00748
http://oqs.pbso.org/index.cfm?fa=dspCase&fromrec=1&srhta=ae131b7ae6c7fdbd-3DE78..
4/22/2016


OQS - Viewingasse Bhaaber; 0200602ant 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page329 of 648 Page 2 of 2
CASE NO. 02075321
PALM BEACH COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
OFFENSE REPORT
PAGE
2
CASE NO. 02075321
DISPOSITION: ZULU
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS) NEXT TO THEM.
VIRGINIA EXPLAINED THAT THEY HAD BEEN LIVING AT THE RESIDENCE FOR APPRO-
XIMATELY FOUR MONTHS AND THAT THEY HAD MADE AN AGREEMENT WITH THE LANDLORD
SHE CONCLUDED BY STATING THEY HAD TRANS-
PORTED ONE LOADED OF THEIR BELONGINGS AND HAD RETURNED FOR THE REMAINING
ITEMS WHEN THEY FOUND THEM AT THE END OF THE DRIVEWAY IN DAMAGE CONDITION.
ADDITIONALLY, THEY HAD LEFT A MATTRESS THAT WAS NOW BURNING ON THE PROPERTY.
I WENT OUT TO THE PROPERTY AND MADE CONTACT WITH THE LANDLORD, A WHITE
MALE, PHILLIP E. RADCLIFFE, III, DATE OF BIRTHD
• PHILLIP STATED THAT
PRIOR TO LEAVING, ANTHONY AND VIRGINIA MADE STATEMENTS SUCH AS "YOU CAN KEEP
THIS STATEMENT AS WELL AS OTHERS WERE WITNESS BY
WHITE FEMALE, LORRI M. DESPAQUA, DATE OF BIRTH I
• PHILLIP STATED THAT
THERE WAS A SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNT OF TIME SINCE THEIR DEPARTURE FROM PHILLIP.
HE FELT THAT THEY HAD DISCARDED THE ITEMS SO HE PLACED THEM OUT FOR TRASH
PICKUP. HE ALSO STATED THAT THE MATTRESS WAS COVERED IN CAT URINE SO HE
BURNED IT FOR SANITARY PURPOSES.
ALL PARTIES WERE ADVISED THAT AN INFORMATION REPORT WILL BE COMPLETED
IN REGARD TO THE INCIDENT AND EXPLANATION OF CIVIL REMEDIES WERE GIVEN.
IT SHOULD NE NOTED THAT VIRGINIA PRIOR TO LEAVING ADVISED ME THAT SHE
WOULD PROVIDE ME WITH A LIST OF DAMAGE AND/OR RUIN ITEMS AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
D/S J. WIKSE/ID 6933/TRANS: 060502/BH
DICT: 060302/1418 HRS.
printed by Employee Id #: 8557
on
April 22, 2016 03:09:29PM
CERTIFIED
TÔ BE A TRUE COPY
RIC L. BRADSHAW, SHERIFF
GM_00749
http://oqs.pbso.org/index.cfm?fa=dspCase&fromrec=1&srhta=ae131b7ae6c7fdbd-3DE78... 4/22/2016


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page330 of 648
EXHIBIT BB


Date
Alroraft Make
1995 and Model
NOV
17
G1159B
20
Aircratt
Identification Mark
N908JE
26
29
30
DEC
3
S
1446
ISAN
1,
11
11
12
20
21
23
25
28
3i
10
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signat
• David Rodegu
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
TO
PBI
TEB
PBE
TEB
PBE
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
779
JE
1780
JE, AS
781
JE, AS, EVA, GLENN, BABY, 1 FAMELE
783
SE, SOREL
BEDDL: 3 mAIS
784
JE, SCREE BIDOLE
785
TE, SOPHEE BIDDLE
*786
JC, AS
G-WONDOLYN BELI
787
DAVID ANTO
788
JE, SOPHIE BLODLE
1789
790 JE, GM. DEBORAIT
795 TE,G-M
796
1797
798 JE
799 JE, CM
800
EM JE, GM
801
JE
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Dato
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
20
2
4
1/1
2
23
2
2
2
3
CONFIDENHIAL
1/1
1/1
0
4
2
2
3
4/4
44
2
5822913 6558
16
53754 66028
DR_000001
DEPOSITION
EXHIBIT
-3-16
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/
09/2019, 2628230, Page331 of 648


1916
Aircraft Make
and Model
EGB
S
Aircraft
Identification Mark
GIlS96
G. 1159B
11
N9085E
12
15.
19
28
MAR
11
11
11
8
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
TNCM
TEB
PBI
TER
BCT
TEB
PBI
TEB
PBE
TEB
PBI
15
18
18
22
24
TEB
PBE
TEB
VNY
29
APR
11
SAF
(L
TEB
12C421B'SPMULATOR INITIAL TRAEN ENE
I certify that the statoments made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature
David Rodgen
Miles
Flaht
Flawn
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Manervers, Endorsements
Number
of Landings
80z JE, GM
11
803
JEGM
Bay TE, GM, SHARUN REYNOLDS
805
JE, GM, SHARON REYNOLOS
1/1
ARS. CAYNE, ALISON LOYA
906
Aircraft Cafegory-..
AERPLANE
24
40
21
60B
JE, GM AS, SOPSE ASDOLE
809
JO, OM, AS, 3O0SE BIDDLE, MARES
91O JE, GMIAS, PICORE NERY I FEMALE
9n1
JE, GM, AS, CHRISSENE, I FEMALE
812 JE, GM, AS, I FEMALE
813 JEGM, AS CLAIRE HAZEL, I FEMALE
814
34, GM, AS
815
FRANCES, SOPHIE BIDOLE, GUA, Y
816
34, EUA, PABY, +3 PAY
817
IC
S18
821IG, GMAS, EVA, GLONN, CELINA, MANAT
ENSTZUMENT COMPETONE REDEE
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
2
. Ч
2
3
22
2
4
1/1
2
6
2
3
21
V1
2
CONF
DENTIAL
2
2
5
1
6/4
lo
53
66028
16656 6
DR
000002
-
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page332 of 648


Date
Alroraft Make
1096
and Model
APR
22
811596
26
29
li
3
1)
Aircraft
Identification Mark
N9OSJE
1 1
11
11
11
1
3
13
h
20
22
24
27
I certity that the statements mado by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature
avid Dbages
Points of Departure & Arrival
Miles Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
From
PBI
TEB
PBI
TEB
ETOW
EIWF
LFPB
LSGG-
TEB
8218
Jay Gm
829
JE, GM, 3 PAY
830
832
833 3G, PAMELA JOHANAOFE
1834
JE, PAMELA SOHANNOFE
835
JE, PAMELA TOMANDOSE
936
JE, PAMELA JOHANANOFF
JA, GM, KATHERINA KOTZIG
EG, GA, RATUGRI/A KOSLAU
3E, GM, 0S, 2 46MALES
56/amiDs, 1 female
842
843
JE
844 JG,GM
846 JE, GM, ANKLE
JIM
walach
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
ALRA-ANT
2
2.
3
S
1/1
V/
17
8
6
3
1/1
3
7
5
V, CONFIDENTIAL DR_000003
-
2
4)
46
5834601 1696/6
SuSa 6702/6
..and Cla
SEL
-
21
21
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page333 of 648


Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mark
N908J
SIMULATOR
N908J€
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
From
TEB
PBE
TEB
PBL
TEB
SAV
SAF
1L
Miles
Flown
Flight
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
847
SE
948 SEPAULA CAGE, ALLISON, SHARGE
TERGANY
849 56, ALLISON, CHEROE, CLAMA
8SO NO RASSONGGRS
851
JAM
water
RECURRENT TYLAININT
1860
JC,GM
8GITG,GN, IRA ZICHERMAN
862 JE
863 JE
864
TS, GM
1865
JE, GM
866
JE, LEVENS
867
OPS I INSPELTION
1869
OPS 1
INSPECTION
873
SEGM, ANDY, MANDY, RALPH
874 3E, GM
875 JEGM
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
PERPLANG
2
2
ENTIAL
1
I certify that the slatements made by
me en this form are trie
Pliots Signativre
avid Rodger.
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
..and Class
SEL
MEL
-NANNNAN
00
100
04
3
2116 5 456
2116 5462
Case 18-2868, Document 218, 08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page334 of 648


Date
Aircraft Make
and Model
GIIS9B
Aircralt
Identification Mark
N90854
14
18
2.1
21
2
SEP
10
10
8
9
12
18
20
23
23
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
TO
TES
PBI
JAN
SAF
PBE
TEB
BED
PNQ
сми
DCA
CMH
TEB
BOS
TEB
PBE
TEB
PBE
BED
TEB
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature.
- avid Rodger.
Miles
Flown
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
No.
Mancuvers, Endorsements
J6, CELIND MEDDLEGARS
879 JEGM, RODEN PLANS
880
TE, GM, ROBIN PLANT
891
JE, GM, ROGEN PLANT
882
JE, GM
883
SE
BEY TE
885
JE
906
TE, IMALE, TEGMALE
987
IE, JOIN GLENN, ALAN DERSBOWITZ
888
IC, ALAN DERSHOVITZ
889
TO ALAN DERSHOWITZ
890
RETURN TO TEB
891
JE, CELINA MEDDLEÇART
84235, GM
1843 JE, GM
894 IE,GM
895
JE, GM
Number
of Landings
Alreraft Category.-.
PiRRANG
-
N --
2
ГЕ
..and Class
SEL
Case 18-2868, Document 218,
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
1/1
1Д
1/1
8
CONFIPENTIAL DR_000005
2
2
-
6
116/15
5859
286
562 6740
584438 6768
2.116
2116
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page335 of 648


Aircraft Make
and Model
G159B
26
2
6
10
14
15
15
19
22
24
25
27
30
30
Aircraft
kientification Nark
N90BJE
10
11
11
14
VL
=
Points of Doparture & Arrival
Miles
To
Flown
Flight
No.
From
TEB
CMH
PBI
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
896
ITE
897
TE
902)
JE, GM, DEDIER
1902
JE
903
JE, I FEMALE
GOMTO CMN FOR PICK-UP
905J6, DARREN, ERD ZIGERMAN
TEFE
SCHANT2
906
907
JE, GM, DIOTER CAZAUDU MEC
908 76, GM, LARRY
904 JE, GM, SHANNON
910 TE, GM, JOG PASICON, SHARON
1 L
15
I certify that the statements mace by me on this form are true.
Piloto Signaturo
David Rodgees
CMIt
4I3 TE, GM, DEDTER CALDUDUMEL
1914 IG, GM, DIDTER CAZEDUMEE
96 2SA, OUTIN MANNER CAN
9I7TE,GM, JERE SCHANTZ, DARREN
Page Total
Arount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
A
1
4
Aircraft Category...
DORPLANE
1
1
2
2
4
V/
L
141
2
3
2/3
4
/CONFIBE RITAL
4
2
2
1/1
2
2
2
2
1
19
38
S875
9638 6768
7
5886
564768074
DR_000006
21/6
2116


Dati
1896
NOV
15
17
17
21
28
28
30
30
30
DEC
Aircraft Maka
and Model
Aircraft
Identificalion Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
To
G1159B
N9D8JE
=
11
9
20
23
1492
11
10
I cortlly that the statoments made by me on this form are true.
Plot's Signature
David Dedgeis
Miles
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Flown
No.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
918 TE, GM, CLAIR
_KIPPES
EVA +-GLENN DUBIN, BOSY,
1919
920 MEN GLENN DUBEN, 13MBY,
912 TEGM 2 BUNTS, PAULA GASTOIN
923 5E, GM
1924 JC, GM
925 TE, GM
926 TAE 3 AT PACED ENTERN,
GOSSEEN
128 56, PADEE
CAZAU DUMEC
9295G, GM, DADDER CAZANMEL
930 TEREN, PIDIER, NATHAN MPHRYONE,
931 25 NO KUADU
PAT COYN
432TC, CONENDON BECK,
PLANE
43352, GM, GH
134 EUM NONBAN, BEDEE
3L NE POSSUNCERS - RETUAN WETT
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
Aircraft Category...
of Landings
-
/
1/1
21
2
2
3
1
1
..and Cla
SCL
2
CONFIRENTIAL DR 000007
2
2.
2
4
3
3
19/9
S886
38447
3655
33 9
6807
6941
2116
2116


Date
1997
JAM
21
24
25
29
30
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircratt
Identification Mark
GILB
1 c
N908
Paints of Departure & Arrival
From
PBE
To
TEB
TEM
2
10
10
I certify
that the
statements mad
10
yo
TNCM
PBI
TaB
PBI
TEB
SAXI
TES
PAI
PBI
TEB
PBI
SAF
STC
TEB
PBI
CMH.
Pilot's Signature.
David Redeen
Miles
Flown
Flight
No.
Remarks, Proceduros,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
93154,GM, KARON
139. J6, CM, CLAER- HAZEL, AMANDA
939 JE, OM, OLNER HAZEL, AMANOR
940
JG, GM, GWENDOWN BECK
941 darne
ELINA MERELDES, ON THaN
CUZ TE, CELENA MADELADES, ANTHON, DONNA
BABA Monr
Jou pota
qu3 to cur p
FoR GOON CHANGI
NOPASSENGERS
EVA, CELDNA PARDY IMALE
EL, CELINA MIDGEART, ALLISON
JOJO, LE 2 ICEOS FUNSAN ELLE
9501C, 6M
1S| JE, GM
452.16, GM
ASS JC, GM, CLAIRE HAZAL
9S4TE, CLAIRE HAZEL
lISS JE, PAMELA STEVENS
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Aireraft Catogory...
VI
2.
3
2.
2
2
2
2
1
2.
2
1/
2
CONFIDENTAL DR_000008
3
43
2/2
-
2
2
16/7
45
355 6341
5404
15662
*6887
2
...and
2. 11!
2111
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page338 of 648


Aircraft Make
and Model
Arcraft
Identification Mark
MAR
10
15
15
5
N908JEVNC
2
30
10
15
15
10
21
22
11
12
K
2
TEB
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature
- Davil: Rodgee
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
To
PBI
PCA
PLA
IAD
PBI
TEB
PBL
SAR
IAD
PBE
TEB
PBI
SAF
CM H
TEB
PBE
pLA
DiA
TES
PBI
TEB
BGD
TEB
TEB
PBI
TGB
BED
TEB
PBI
TEB
EGGW
Miles
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
456
457
TE, CELINA MIDELFARS
958
My RAPOSITON FOR CUREEW
TE, CELENA MIDELFART
960
TE ENAZUZANNA, JOEL PASTEON,
AGI
JE, GM, DINEER CAZDODUMEL
962
IDE, GM, PIPTER CAZAUDUMEL
963
TE, GM, DL
A64
JK, GM, DL
1165
JE, DE, ACiNNA, 2 FENOLA, I MALO
TG,GM.
967
Ka, GM, PC.
JE, DC, MAUD, LISA, I MALE
411JG
472
JG
973 JE, CELINA MEDELFART
974 JG,GM
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
..ant
AIRPLAN
SC
144
1/1
1/1
171
2
2
2
3
2
1
7
2
2
20
CONFIDENTAL DR_000009
2
4
2
5
2
3
4
5
9/9
37
590
S662
6882
5918
5671
69250
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,


Date
Aireraft Make
109L7
and Model
MAY
Aircratt
Identification Mark
From
G1159 B
N90856
EGGW
LSGG
LFPB
CYJT
9
TEB
SAF
11
VNY
SAF
15
DEW
PBI
24
JUN
JFK
PSI
TEB
PBI
21
TEB
21
MUY
23
PBT
23
CMH
27
TEB
I certify that the statements made by me on this form aro true.
Plot's Signature
„David Rodgen
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
LSGG
LFPB
CYST
TEB
SAF
VNY
SAF
OFW
PBE
JFK
PBI
TEB
PBI
TEB
MVY
PBE
CMH
TEB
PBI
Miles
Flown
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
No.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
975
JE
916 JE
977
JG, GM
4478
Ja, GM
479
IS, GM, NADIA
JE
980
1981 JE, SOPHIE BADDLE
982
SOPIVE PADDLE,'
983 JE, SOPBEE BIDDLE
9841
TREPOSITION TO JFIE
985
JE, LELING MIDELLARS, GINGERE
SOUTHGATE
986
TE, MANDY
981
JE, G.M, DINTER
988
JE, GM
989
TE, LYNN FORESTER, HEASHER MANI
990
JE, HEATHER MANN
RUSS MEPRES
991
JE, HEATHER
RUSSI
Russ
992
993
IG, GM
RUS:
REPRES
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
ALRPLANE
3
1
1.
71
CONFIDENTIAL DR 000019
2
V/I
24
2
2.
13/13
5918
393
562)
T6925 0
5931
5684
= 69643
...and (
SEL
Case 18-2868, Document 218,
211E
2111
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page340 of 648


Date
Attoraft Make
1897
and Model
JUL
Aircreft
Points of Departure & Arrival
Miles
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Identification Mark
To
Flown
No.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
GIIS9B
N908JE
PBI
TEB
494 5E, GM, PAULA EPSTEEN
10
16
22
23
24
13
CMH
SAF
999 IS, DIDEER
PRISAS
PBI
TG, GM, DIPTER CAZDUPUMGC
SIMULATZIL
DFW
Hou
loca
SEMUELATE: STEEP PURENS, VSO, UST,
JET UPSET (WARE TURBULONCE)
TEB
HEN
STOLE ENGENE,
DFW
COS
KTO
ELECTREA,
BEEN ALTERDESCENT, WINDSHGAR
EMERGENCY
(-421B
N908GM
ZOR- SAP-ZOR
4 TAKE OFF + LONDONE.
57
ZOR
STAF
58
9
VL
G1159B
11
SAF
ZOR
59
KRISTY RODGERS
N908JE EBI)
TVC
176/2
JG, GM
10
11
TV
TEB
1013
JE, GM
13
TEB
PBI
holy 76, GM
17
PBI
MVY
1015
JE, HEATHER MANN
17
11
MVY
TEB
1016 JO, HEATHER MANN
20
TEB
23
SAF
SAE
CELONA, GLEN
EVA, CELENA
TEB
24
24
TEB
FoK
Vl
FoK
25
MVY
MVY
PBI
I cerilty that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Plot's Signature
ma David Rodiges
1020 SE, CELANA MEDELFART
1021 JG, CELINA MIDELFART
Pago Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
1/1
Aircraft Category...
AIRPLANE
25
3
3
3
2
-7
CONELDENTIAL DR_000011
2
5
3
3
5
14
1/1
2
15/144
39
6
5031
3694 6964 ₴
5946
5698 70039
..and Cla:
SEL
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 1
2116
2116
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page341 of 648


Date
1047
SCP
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
N908JEPBI
To
TEB
11
11
12
13
15
19
20
22
26
28
18
GIIT
N 883 A
26
CESSMO42 N908GM
4
GI159B
N9085E
20
PBI
4
STL
12
PBE
I certify that the staternents made by me on this form are true.
Pict's Signature.
... Davil Rodges
11
SAF
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
1622
1023
JE, HEATIER MANN
REPOSESIIN
STEVE & JUDY TUCKERMAN
1024
1425 рк
ER MAN YEHURR
1027
TE, GM
1028 JEGM
1029 JE, GM
1030 JE, GM
1031 JG, HEPTHER MANN, DIPTER
1032 JE, IGATITER MANN, DINTE
1033 JE, GM, BIDIER, CLAIRE HAZEL
ROBERTSON, PASCH AUST
1035 TE, GABRIELLE
Number
Aircraft Category...
of Landings
AIRPLANE-
2.
6
1
2
L
2
..and Cla!
suL
STL
PRI
TEB
1036
REPOSEIION
1037 $G, GM
1038 7G, HGASHER MANN
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Dato
4
16/13
5946
5699
5962
57.11
6
3
3
2
CONFIPENTIAL DR_000012
36
35
2
4-
2
2
2
5041
17003 9
70543
2116
21|6
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page342 of 648


Date
Airoraft Make
1947 and Model
OCT
Aireraft
kientitication Mark
From
G-IIS9B
N908JE
TEB
PBI
CESSNAYAI N90BGM
11
ZORRO
24
24
27
TEB
BED
PBI
TEB
2.
PBI
SAF
11.
TEB
JAX
C-421
24
GIlSA B
24
25
N9,08GM
NOBJE
PRE
PAI
TEB
SAF
PBI
15
TEB
"1
PBI
TEB
certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature.
aval Roger
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
PBE
PBI
Miles Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Mancuvors, Endorsemants
1639
TE GM
I COMPLE
CLADEE, EMMY, DENDER,
JE, GM, MANDY GIMME, DIDFER
CURRENCY REQUIREMENT.
1041
JC, EMMY
l042 TE, EMMY
1043 TS, GM, EMMY TAYLER
1044 TUDEN NANCE, EVA, CELINA, SURPAN"
Number
of Landings
1
Aircraft Category...
AKRANG
2 5
22
4
1047 TG, LYNN FORESTER
1649 TE
TO LARRY VISCENE
JOHA REPOSTSTON TO JUS
lOSO JE, ET
LOSI JE, ET
1052 JE, PIDLER
105376, GM, ET
1054 36, GM, ET
OSS TE, EAR CELEMA, JORDAN DUBIN +
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
000013
1/1
13
5962
571
5915
5721
2
3
3
9
3
2.2
22
2
ЧЕ
70543
7095 3
•an
211
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page343 of 648


Jate
Alroraft Make
and Madel
DEC
14
17
1447
JDN3.
8
10
13
18
20
25
25
30
3)
31
3)
Aircrah
Identilicalion Mark
From
G1159 B
N908 JE
PBI
TEB
BCT
PBI
TEB
SAF
PBI
TEB
PBI
TIST
TNCM
тав
H
PBE
JAX
APF
PBI
6
9
12
TEB
PB I
TEB
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
TEB
B.CT
PBI
TEB
SAr
ABI
TEB
PBI
TIST
INCM
TEB
PBI
JAX
APF
BBI
TEB
PBI
TEB
PBI
I certlly that the staterents made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature
dirc Rodefu
Miles Flight
Flown No.
Romarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
Number
of Lancings
10L TE GLENI EVA
DANNY, SYFEMA, JOR DAN DURDY 1/
ROSSEMMA BEFSON, G WENDOLYU BECK
THY LEN
1661 JE,GM, GT, DOUG SCHOETILE
1062 JE, GM, ET
HUL3 JE,ET, I FOMDLE
H1ol4 JS, GM, ET, GUGNDOLYN BECKI SWORE
Ios TEATRET, MELEMDA LUNSZ, S'IXTR
i06 TE, GM, ET, ML, SC
1667 JC
1068 JE
1069
JG, ELLEN SPENCER
10l0
TE, ELLEN SPENCER
1071 JE, SORHIE BIDOLE
1073 TEM SLAN DOL MORZY DONCY
CACKE MAZUL, TOGL PEST DUDL
JOGL PASHCOW, LAURON PASYSLOL
Page Total (
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Airoraft Category...
GARPLONE
2
2
2
U-NE
g
2
2
2
2
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000014
-
/.
i/i
14
5985
3734
5729
2 6
38 9
17095/3
7134 2


Aircrafi. Make
Aircraft
Points of Departure & Arrival
Mlles
Flicht
and Model
Identification Mark
DEC
To
- Flown No
N9085E
TER
TEB
BCT
BCT
PBI
PBI
TEB
TEB
SAF
SAF
PBI
PBI
TEB
TEB
PRI
PBI
TIST
11
TIST
INCM
INEM
TEB
TEB
PBI
PBI
JAX
3
JAX
APF
APF
BBI
PBI
TEB
TEB
PBI
9
PBE
TLB
TEB
PBI
lhe statements made by
me on
this
form are true.
Pilot's Signature
David Rodefu
Remarks, Procedures,
Number
Maneuvers, Endorsements
of Landings
1056 TANNY
ELEN, EVE, CELINA, JUR DAW DUMAN
2 FEMALE
1/1
116)
DE, GM, GT, DOUG SCHOENILE
1062 JE, GM, ET
1U3 JGET, 1 FGMALL
ILy JC, GM, ET, GWEN DOLYN BEGUK, SUREN
1.
I0ь TE, GM, ET, ML, SL
166752
1068JE
1069
JE, ELLEN SPENCER
1070
IG, ELLEN SPENCEL
10TI JE, SOPHIE BIDOLE
1072 FoR END US eVA, Cli
ELANA DUBEN
/.
1/
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Aircraft Category...
2
2
3
3
2
2
3
24
2
4
Ч
22
26
2.4
26
14
5415
389
3431
7095 3
5729
71342
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000015
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page345 of 648


Date
1049
Aircraft Make
and Model
7
14
15
15
18
2)
22
21
21
28
C 172
C172
GI15AB
) '
Aircraft
Identlication Mark
N75RR
NISRR
N9085K
Points of Departure & Arrival
FrUI
To
LNA-F45
LNA
LNA -XIO-PBI-LNA
PBI
SAF
SAF
LAS
LAS
VNY
11
UNY
MRY
MRY
SAF
SAF
TEB
TEB
DEA
11-
DCA
TEST
TIST
C407
(L)21
POI
N9BRGM
1 F
PBI
AVO
4
4
AvO
LEG
LEE
PBI
PBI
Avo
IT
Avo
PBI
12
PBI
Eyw
12
20 G1159B
EyeW
PB I
N908 JU PBE
PBI
I certily that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Plet's Sinnatura
Jard Modates.
Miles
Fight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
ONTANS ALREA
1679
I, BOR, RES, 3 FEMALES, IMALE
JE
164
1080
JE, GM, ES
108I JE, E1, GWENOBLRN BECK
1832
1683
JU, GM,ET, CD, GARY KERNEY
GLT HI PLANS VOR NOVEMON RADAR
RAPI
CONTAINED PERPLE CPERATCONS
CARIA
LUCKeY
EMS OSC
11084
TO FLIGHT AFTER ORSI
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
ARPLANE
8
5/5
3/3
/
V1
2
3
19
1
3
7
8
5
6
3
2
17
8
1/
1/1
1/
20
273
59.89
6009
71342
17161 (st
ONFIDENTIAL DR_000016
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page346 of 648


191g
Aircralt Make
MAR
and Modei
23
25
27
3
C 172
Aircrant
Identificalion Mark
G11596
N903 JE
N51898
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
Te
PBI
TEB
TEB
SAF
SAF
LNA
PBI
LND
LNA - PBE-LNA
C421
SEMU LATER
A33
G1159B
N908JE
13
PBE
TEB
W41
W4T
RIC
BIL
W47
W47
9
TEB
TEB
BED
$360
TEB
1C172
16 GI1S9B
16
le
TEB
PBI
N75kR
LNA-FYE-LNA
N908JC
MBIN
MYNN
MYNN
PBE
I cartily that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature
aird Roden
Miles
Flight-
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
LASL SC, EM, ET
en TC, GM, DOUG SHOETSUE, ET
CHELK OUR INCESSNA M
CHRIS WAGNER- 3 aMENGEMCY
LANDENGS.
RECURRENS TRAINANO DE SUMCON
EMERGENCY PROCEPINCO
INSTRUMENT COMPETONY CHEEY.
SE, HERSHERMETHEL, BODY MITCHELL
I COMPLE MELENDO LUNTO
AO JE PAUL MELLON, 26EMALES
164) JE, PAUL MELLON, 2 FEMALE
172 JL, 2 FEMALES
1093 JE, OLIVER SACHS
1094 50, CLEVER SANS, ROBEN
1096 JE MET PRETER SORO
20 tic
10in Je
Pago Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Numbor
of Landings
1/1
Vo
3/3
Alreraft Category...
AURRANE
22
4 4
2
2
-
/
2
/
226
6064
5748/615
6024
5162.17184/11
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000017
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page347 of 648


Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mark
APR
17
17
11
G11596
C421
C421
17
18
18
19
G1159B
20
20
24
25
C 172
25
26
26
GlI596
may
3
$
G1159B
N908JE
N908 GM
N9085C
NASRR
N9085L
NISRR
N908.5E
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
To
PBI
PRI
PBI
X21
X21
TIX
TIX
CRG
CRG
LAL
LAL
PBL
CMN
JLUK
LUK
TEB
TEB
PBI
LNA-PRI-LAA
LNA
LNA
LNA-PRILNA
PBI
TER
TEB
PBI
CIVES
PBE
TEB
TCB
BED
BED
TEB
I certify that the stalements made by me on this form are true
Pilot's Sionature
Miles
Flight
Flovin No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Manouvers, Endorsemonts
ECOSFICPISION PORE GPS ATTRACHES
SAME AS ABOVE
KRISTY ROUGGIS, PATSY
TUILMS
Contessa
JULY
CHESS WAGNER, LAVES, YRESY PAYS
1099JE, CLAR MALA, 1 FEMALE
11100
JO, GINGER, MANDY LANE
liol
TE, GINGER, MANDY LANU
1362
TTE, GM, LOCO PREN",ES, LENDA
CARES WAGNER-NO FLAP ANDROQUI
EMERGENCY PROCEDES CLASSI
A PES EMERGEN
1103
1104
LAST LENN SOR
NONN
JIM, NAND
10N2 CENTUR COLLAR
11o6
1(u1
JE, ROBIN, STEVEN
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landinge
Aircraft Category...
L
9
-
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000018
1/.
4/4.
6/6
5/5
-
2.
2.
2
N
1
2
G
7
22.8
60.24
17 184 1
6064
5. 172c A


Dagg
Aircraft Make
and Model
MAY
Aircraft
Identification Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
Miles
Fight
Bemirks, Procedures,
Flown No.
Manousers, Endorsements
Number
of Landings
G 11596
9
11
15
17
18
18
20
20
JUN
4
PBI
11
PBI
TIST
109 SE, GT, SEERREE, CLOUR HAZEL
TIST
TE
TEB
17
PBI
PBI
TER
TEB
MOW
MOW
SAF
SAF
LAX
LAX
TEB
143
PBI
8BI
DI JE, MANDY ELLISON
luz JE
113| GM, ES SHANNON HOALY
OLESTO PINTO
MALE
SHONAUN, ALBERTO,
SIS SE, GM, ET ASHIE PASCAL
1116 GM, ES, ALBERTO, I MALE
TEB
MIR TE, CiNCHEOLAN SELK, I FEMALE
12
IS
18
21
23
23
26
TER
TIST
DIG TS, GONED HARE MELANIE
14
TEST
JFK
120J SAME CAR NORE, MELANIE
1
JFK
PBI
1I2I J6, GM, LYNN FINTANILLA
20 AMO
BBI
TE
GORT
GUNSANTLLA
RoxBuria
TEB
1122 JE, BRUND CNTRA
1/
BED
GARY
BED
TEB
1123 JC.
ROXBURGI
141
TEB
124 JE, HENRY ROSSKY ROXBULON
PBI
AIRS JEGM, MELEND LUNTZ
GAPY
1/
КoX5260
TOTAL AT BOTTOM OF PAGE REPORTER TO
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Page Total
INSURAN
Pint's Sinnahim
Jail Rotahs
Amount Forward
1.6064
5900
6079
Total to Date
1170
1206
Aircraft Category...
23
20
3
2
2
2
2
3
2
2
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000019
COMPA
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page349 of 648


Aircraft Make
and Model
JUL
5
10
12
12
13
11
C 150
Alrera?
Departure &
Arrival
Idenüfication Mark
To
N9O85E
OXC
TEB
PBI
49563
N778ME
JVE
TVK
16
16
17
N45563
N°718ME
11
JVY
BQM
JVY
BQM
JUY
TVY
19
18
18
28G11596
2°
30
JUY (LEF) IMS
IMS
JUY
SIMULATOR IRW
HUB
IRW
Hou
CYS
COS
I cartily that the statements made by me on this form are true,
mn.n.. i
Envil Derlar..
Miles Fight
Flown No.
126
12 TE
3,4
6
8
119
19
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
Number
of Landngs
1/1
CISO CHECK OUT
DAN-CFL
2/2
JONATHAN MANO - PREFLIGHT, FILMNLESS
ENGENE SIPKE MIXTURE CONTRA 294140001
2/2
3/3
2/2.
WORD SLAP TAL BASTERIOR RRUGLONRAS
INO COPY OF TRAIL POTTERN ALL SIPILS, CREATS,
3/3
2/2
2/2
AMPARES, RODED PROCGPURG
4/4
LIGET AT VARIOUS ACRSIGUPS FRUM CRUSS T
SLEW FLIGHT, FULLSTOLS, SMUS GOOD YOURSE
5/5
CRESSWIND TANG-EFF LANDSNEY, DESCENS USING
HIGHE LOW PRAO CONFES URDEN, RTO
9/
9
CHECKIENTO FAR FLIGHT PLON DECLUOTEAN
PILOTAGE, PEAD RECKONENE, ALRITE DURING
UX, VUVIROCKONS, VOL PASSAGE
VOR RANDALS,
IN DESCENT CROSSWEND LANDENG-
NO ENCANCO LANAINA TIS, SDIGLE CONCZARS NOT
NOT UPSET INARE NAILENCE DEUBLEVOURIT
GALLURE
SENELO ENGINE GO DROUND EAGLOFE
ASKANE PRABLEM, NE FUN
AtALancy Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Aircraft Calegory...
2
3
6
1
1
2
43/43
6079
5809
6|22
2
23
2
7250(6
17273|8
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000020
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page350 of 648


19-
Aircraft Make
and Modal
Aircraf
Identification Mark
3
G|S9B
N908JC
1 %
11
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
FBI
To
TEB
HTo
OQU
TER
BCO
MVY
6
TE
11
13
1
21
24
25
2°
9-1
H To
OqU
TeB
BED
MVY
TER
CMH
TEB
TVC
TEB
PBI
TEB
SAF
22 Satire SP34 N44246
GIS9B
ASE
VNT
PBI
I certily that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Fatal Padeen
CMH
TER
TVC
PBY
SAF
ASE
OCO
VNY
PB I
Miles
Fight
Floun
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvars, Endorsements
NN37 TE, MELANIE STARUES
AMBS NO PASSEAIGERS
139JG
1140 JC
1141 TE
1142 JE
1143 JE
1144 JE
TASTE, GM, ET, MELZUND LUNSE
146 JE, GM, ET
1147 JE, GM, ET, PAULA EPSTEIN
1144 JE, GM, St
1149 TE) GM, CET, ADAM PERTLANA
lISa TC
HIDES FUZNS, THERMALS.
lIs2 Je
1IS3 55GM
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total In Date
Number
of Landings
1/1
1/1
1/
-
Alrcraft Category...
- 00 in
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000021
12
1/1
V
V/1
1/1
2
16/14
317
6123
713.
8$2
- 72738
9
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page351 of 648


Date
1098
Alroraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mark
9-4
G-11598
11
N908TE
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
TEST
8
13
9/15
GRoB
9/15
6103 RA
9/5
Colo 3 ty
4/5, GUSHA
9ks
9/5
1/ 3076G
10 30766
N 30766
* 1
× 30766
* 30266
NAUGIE
From
TEB
TESS
PBI
DEØ
DEB
+
In
19
19
25
25
25
61151B
SAF
ASE
IAD
TEB
OCA
LAO
TER
PBE
I certity thai the statements made by me on this form are true
mand Javd Neigen
(Miles
Fiown
Fight
No
GiaL
CC C
CCL
Lac
ASE
IPO
TEB
DCA
IAO
TEB
PBI
TaB
Remarko, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
LISTE, GM, 45
DISS TE, GM. ET
DISE JS, GM, ES, MANDY ELISSEN
LIST TE, GM, GT, ALBERTO# LENIRD PINTO
UNNESTED TA Timalin
UNASSISTED TOW # CANdINA AS cistF
To WE CANdiNg theaMALe
115%
JEET
LIS9
Cunpured
1160
116
JE, LANN FORESTER
NE2 REPOSLTLIN FOR CUREEN
IS JE, LYNN CORESTER
NL4 JE, GM
INGS JE, ET, LUBA, PARA
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
1/
Aircraft Catogory...
HISPAN GLIDER
2
27
40
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000022
FIC 160/35
5/00/00
14
/1
21
2
35/6
22.
4
G38
стув
13os/5
8212/732814


1998
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraf
Identificalion Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
To
G-1159B
N908.50
BED
BED
TEB
9
9
12
15
19
21
21
23
7
TEB
OLA
DLA
PBL
PGI
TEB
TEB
PBY
PBL
TaB
TES
BED
12
BED
TEB
TEG
PBE
PBI
ir
TEB
TEB
PBI
PBI
TEB
14
15°
16
16
20
?..
TEB
TIST
TIST
PBI
PBs
CMH
CMIt
TEB
TEB
TIST
C4216
N908GN PBE •NETiTO-PBE
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Miles
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Flown No.
ManeuVers, Endorsements
AGE JE/RHONDA SHERER
N6% JE, ET, ADAM PERRY LANE
1169 JC, GM, 6T, AR
17056, GM, 6T, AP
I715E, SOPHIe BIDOLE
1172/J6, SOPHZE BANDLE
103 JE
1174 JE, ALAN PERSHOWITZ
InS JE, GM, ET, GWENDOLYN BECK
1I76 NO PASSENCES
ANY JE, ET, CLARE HAZEL, FRANCOES
MISe JE, GM, CLAIRE HAZEL, ET, FRAINEI
119| IG GM, GT, CLAORE HAZEL, FRAIUB
NS2 5G, GM, ET, ERANOIS
11$3 5G, GM, ST, AP
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
11
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000023
1/
2
Pilot's Signature_
Pace Tola:
Amount Fonward
Total to Date
1/
-
/
2.
1/1
1/
24
/
1313
3
16/12
34
6146
2312 7323 4
52 130218/
3
3
3


Dato
1998
Nov
26
29
Aircralt Make
and Model
6-11546
Aircraft
Poinis of Departure & Avrival
Identification Mark
N909JC
31
=
ti
10
12
15
19
24
29
11
11
11
3068 3
128
G1154B
N906JC
206B3
SAPH
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
TIST
PB1
TEB
PAL
PBI
TEB
FBI
TEST
SAV
PBI
SAV
PRI
TIST
TL5
PBE
AB4
VNY
PB I
TIST
TEB
ABY
SAF
VNY
PBE
TIST
TEB
PMP - PH
1- PMA
PAT
TEB
PMP
PMP
Pilot's Signature
Mites
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
TEGM
LYNN EMER 12
187 SE SOPHIE BEDOLE
159 0852 INSPECTION
15 OR 2 COMPLOTED
1190 RERSETOON
1191 5G, GM
M43JCDLGLS
A194 SE, ALEXIS
1AS56, ALLYTO
MATIC, GM, GT
• ULCAGILIPIVALS
SEE MANFIERY INURX: 4, A
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
1/
Aircraft Category...
2
2
2
3
9
HELICOPE
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000024
VI
4
2
-
2.
14/8
6162
420
5394
730.8
6116
35492174048
/
in r
26
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page354 of 648


Date
Aircrat Make
and Model
3
20663
0651
0/66
G-1159B
206B3
206B
G-1159B
12
02.15
14
IS
16
17
20
21
24
L6
20683
84 20682
6-11596
BzоbBT
G1159B
Aircraft
Icentificaton Mark
Mies
Plight
Flown No.
59PH
N90b5e
59рH
59 PH
N90552
12
34PH
кто он
N908JC
N71Dd
N90812
Paints of Deparlure & Arrival
Fum
PMP
To
PMP
20613
500 JA
I cortify that the statements mede by mo on this form are true.
TEB
PBI
PMP
PMP
PMp-PBI -PRIA
PBI
TEB
TEB
TIST
TEST
PBI.
PMp-LOL-PA-BMP
VNX
PIRU SNY
PBI
SAF
SAF
UNY
Vuy =
PIRu - Vry
UNY
MRY
MRY
SAF
SAF
TEB
TEB
PBI
PMP
PMP
mensa. Waril Rodak
Romarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
3A EF
нАги
5 A,E - Advanied mineuvers
6
A-E /starteef ctD
7
A-ir
202 LEGATE MECENAS LUNT
CaMow
TEV B-805
A-E/Startei 6
R5 JE, GiM, LADNE KELSUN
1246-JC
TrAPE PATEMS AuPRacIes, DLe HAen
lesn Pense prus AlPas cunNcEs
12E JET3
1208 32
I20/TE, GM, JENNIE, SHARAN, CLEMEASETE
1210 EO SEA TEN,NANN,
Renened A-F, Demo - H, J,, V
Fage Total
Arrount Forward
Total to Date
Number
Alrcraft Category...
of Landings
HERpan
ELme keno
V/1
21
ÇONFIDENTIAL DR_000025
5
1/1
3
3
26
36
116
7/5
6/76
238
5842
7404 8
6183 742816
3
3/3


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page356 of 648
citr
1E/E
T
-
%95hL
oblg
7 RZ6L-
E 8.19
282
h
h
b
h
7
7/
5T
0/
T
dmy (= 1/05 pr// dard rerysı41a
(rasd 0195-26d) H'E
(dasd apas-2a) H't
d - y
PPH'N
220 BOON/'S NONEUL 20E
1 eg'a
N-ama/ ne'w Ea-y
stupur jo
JegUnN
•ON UMOLE
SEEN
awd
8=1
NOd
dwd
T90
1511
NgO
Nta
79d
dwa
amd-192-dad
drd
dvd
Jwa-302-0N7-Swd
dwd
dwJ
OL
JWJ
wolg
VEROS
UIOoS
25306N
nd9SN
ndoleN
dloos
N a|SN
AOlSN
TE00S
traas
HIOAS
WIaos
·1005
td aN
H5005
(799 C 5/
47900 2/
065121
191-St0d
191-90i0 S1/1:
a Izhp
E77ar
191-saa
L/4
{79az
{7922
$Ea
£7902 h0/50
{ 7902
77E0
{7902
1%%9
25907 1/2
{7902 1%0
{790z
L2
lopoW put


19194
Aircraft Make
Aircraft
Points of Departure & Arrival
and Madel
dentification Mark
MAiL
5/23
206-3
500,5P
/24/20613
SOOJA
PMP- SUA-2IS-AMP
724206L3
500513
PMP- XETI-PMP
3/25 G1151 B
N908IE
TEB
PBA
326206L3
SCO JA
PMP -LNA -RMP
32620623
3/27 6115913
500517
PMP- PAK-PMP
/24
N908JC
PSE
TUST
TIST
PBI
3/30
PGI
TEB
3/1l
44-
TOB
TEST
3/31
TIST
4/2
PBI
1L
PBI
ABR
414
TEB
1/5
475
20623
5005A
PAP
PMP
206L3
PMP - La-PMP
206L3
MP-BET -PMP
206L3
500гp
PMP
PMP
1/$ G11598
N908JE
TEB
PB I
10501L3
PIAP LUR TRE PAR
I certlly that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilol's Sianature
avel Rodren-
Flown No.
Romarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
SOLOGRESS COUNTRY
SOLO C1285S COLUTILY
Number
of Landings
Alreraft Category...
APONE GLIDER HOLDE
=
1
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000027
2 0
121ь 7/ст, р, « стіна
1217 TEEN KATHRYN GRANZE
1218 ROSSETION TO TER
9
1221 TROLLO LEND, PHELL IR
Solo LocAL
A-I OVT FoR PIT TEST
14
DINE
B-H, T, L, M, N, R, + V
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
2
3
26
2
G140
6T93
-7456 8
сaли-74830
3
3
3
15
4811


Date
то19
Aircraft Make
and Mode!
APR
11
G11593
13
200-3
14 206L-3
16 G-1159B
16 G1159B
16
20
25
27
2
Aircrafi
idantification Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
To
N908 TE
PBI
TER
SoRT
Scost
N9045
LL
Pup
TEB
MUY
Bos
PBI
TEST
JEB
TEST
PMP
ABIN
BoS
PRI
TIST
TER
TGB
206L-3
5005A
PRI
PBL
PMP-LNA-PBE
PAL
EMP
PHO - LNA-PRI
1.
PBI-LNA-PMP
10
10
G11596
N'90850
PBY
BEO
BED
20GL-2
TER
SCOSA
Pup
PuP
I certify that the statements made by me on this form aro true.
mand and Ridgen
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procodures,
Maneuvers, Endorsemants
Number
of Landings
'ENCA
41
So LOCALI
IS TEES, ALAN DERSHOWITZ, MAKE
11226 JE, EX, I MALE
171
/1
1227 JEET
11228 3E,0M, Ex
1230 SET SOPHIC BEDPLO, TEMPLE
127STE224E TEEMEDDL, TERRANT CANNES 1/O
not mull
1250-542E 103-90
PAL pREP • A-J, MIN, R +V
Return/started Cpl Training
Aircraft Catagory...
ALEPLAN GiDDR HELECIT
3 R
3
HI
3
, 4
3
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000028
#*1 (4ett + Right 5t-Tie]
Paga Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
2
269
0198
5408 74830
16207
15415 17509/91
Jw
BEF-
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page358 of 648


Date
1011
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircreft
(dentilication Mark
N400
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
IL
11
15
61153
11
SAP
ABC
14
20
21
21
DAL
/BiL
DAL
13 g
PBI-LNA
PMP
17
PMP
DAB
DAB
1.
PBL
PB1 PMO
23
GI159B
N908KPBI
TEB
FLIGHT
29
G-1159B
N9-STC TEA
TEMES REPORTED
PBL
TEST
30
TEST
31
PBI
PRL
JUN
SAF
SAF
PBI
1
PBI
JEB
15
TEB
PBI
PB r
TEB
I cortily that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Plot's Signature
Jared Node
V
Miles
Flight
Flown
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Mageuvers, Endorsements
ROst
lu3c3, RaH
Number
of Landings
123x Ta, 55, TEAM! C-ROMDA
RYa Apporches to the surfice,
0- via 1-95
Return
1234/TE, GM, ES, TEFPANTGRAMZA
TO INSURANCE
COMPAN
12402G5M,ES, GUTMEATN BENe
1240 JC,GM, ET
124256, GM, 65
1243|JG, GM, LT
1244 TS, GM, GS, TEFPANI GROM Z7
1245 50,G.M, ES, TEERANA GRAMZIA
11
1Z1
2
2
3
3
2
1247 56, 9M, TITANY GRAM 2A, GWYATO
Pane Total
Arnourit Forward
Talaila nas.
17
9
6705
62.16
2
32. 1
75099
Aircraft Category...
APPLANE GLINER
HeLicot
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000029
1
2.
3
6
59 5


Date.
Aircraft Make
1919.
and Model
JUN
24 ZONTE
19
G1159B
21
29
29
JUL
-
KASANA
6
Bell 206
3
DA 20
16 DAZO
15
G 1159B
22
25
11
29
14
Aircraft
Identification Mark
N2820
N9085C
NG91 DA
N16909
11
N125 MF
N9085E
I cortily that the statements made by me on this form are trus.
Points of Departure & Arrival
Miles
Filchl
From
PBE-LNA
JEB
PBL
To
Flown No
PB≤
PBE
TEB
BED
BED
TEB
TEB
PBI
FPR
PBT
FPR
TIST
TIST
TEB
PMO SUA-PMP
PMP- X44 -LNA PP
PMP-X44-PMP
Hwo
HwO
TEB
PBI
SAF
VNY
OAK
PBE
SAF
VNY
OAK
SAF
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
CROCAL TITUA
1244 JE, ES, SHELLEY
1250 JC
125|/TC
1252 JEET, TIFFANY GRANZA
HEEK OUT STAUS, STEEP THRES
1253 JC, CURIEHAZEL, SEFPANY GRAMZA
125 JE, CLARE MAZE, TEPFAN GRAMZA 1/I
SOLO NIGHT
sour
1255
125. 1S, GM, ET
1257 JE, GM, ET, LESA
1256 JO, SHELLEY
1254 JE,
SHELLI.
of landings
Aircraft Category...
BERNE GLIAR HELRCUSTLA
13
24
2
5
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000030
Page Total
Amount Forward
......
-
6/5
2/2
3/3
VI
V
1/1
V
2
3
4
4
G216
5922
T6243
2
2
32 G
75420
3
65
3


Data
19
JUL
Aircraft Mako
and Model
G1154B
4
1..
7
11
14
14
1%
Aircratt
Identification Mart
==
N908.5C
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
SAr
JFK
To
PB L.
JFK
11 - sif
TEB
PBI
FBI
P3E
TEB
032
ATPP
7uGL3
12P7
23
G11590
N9C4SC
26
PBI
TIST
28
ic
SEP
PBI-
TEB
1
AGC
2-
CMH
1L
TEB
5
5AF
I certity thet the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pitot's Signature
Ward Redator
- NA
TIST
PBL
TEB
AGC
TEB
SAF
SAN
Mlies
Flown
Fight
No.
Remarks, Propedures,
Manewvers, Endorsements
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Catogory..
1125059,
SHELLEY
STOP TOUR STALLS WAXE MEDULENCE GUANDY
1262
1263
jC, Er, I FEMALE
126X
J623
beve
KTUARY
TORi
LETTEEM, ST, CORE HAZEL
12655
IS 3G, ANDOM, THERMY
1220 TAGM, ET
121 T8,ET
122 5E, ET
1
V
1/1
174 SADAM, SILICE, TERGART, ALRE
/SN?
RANTO
1275 SESHANUEN HERLY, TARANT, SHELIN
Page Total
Arnount Forward
GLIDER
3
4
2.
2
2
Total to Date
5446
E254
7614 01
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000031
3
13
1
12
74
T,5M
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page361 of 648


Date
Aircraft Make
and Model
5
1
8
6-1596
Aircraf
Identication Mark:
N9085K
10
Points of Departure & Arrlval
From
SAN
SAS
TEB
To
SAF
TESS
9
13
17
19
C-172
20G-1159B
22
23 C-172
23
25 G 11598
26
TCB
1 L
PRI
TEB
N2388L
LNA
PBI
TEB
N2388L
LNA-
Fxe
N908.JE PBE
TEST
TEB
TIST
11
PBE
SAF
14
TEB
I certlfy that the statorents made by me on this form are rue.
na Davil Redges
TEM
PBL
TEB
RBI
LTEB
PBE
FXE
LNA
TEST
TEB
TIST
PBI
SAF
TEB
BED
Miles
Alight
Remarks, Procedures,
Flown No.
Maneuvors, Endorsements
R 27L JE SHANNON HEALY
127)
JE CLAIRE, VICTORIA HALAL, ADOM
Number
of Landings
Vi
1214 JE, CLAIRE, MARSHALL, I MALE
JG, ELIZABETH
VI
AlE FINT SAT
1284 5G, ET
ED AMASO CPIRENEWAL
ED AMASO CHE REMENTL
12853K,GM, AP, SHELLY MARRISEN
PETE, GM, AP, SHELLY HORRISO
1287 5G, SHELLY LEWIS
1256 JE SHELM LEWIS
1254 TE
1290 JE, SOPHIE BIODLE
1291 JE, GM, AP, AUDREY RAEMBAULT,ET
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
2/2
1/1
1/1
/
/1
16/14
625
2455
62.10
5969
Aircraft Category..
ARRANGIAR ALLICOPER
1
6
35
14
1
3
2.
4
5
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000032
3
3
7
428
76180
7660 8
331
74
3
74
3
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page362 of 648


1899
Aircraft Make
and Mode!
OCT
14 G-11596
16
1.4
11
Arcraft
Identification Mark
N9O8JE
TIST
21
27
29
31
NaV
11
11
TEB
PBE
11
TEB
PBI
11
TEB
BED
11
11
PBI
TEB
13
13
14
16
18
19
22
SAF
VNY
11
SAN
SAF
TEB
11
10
1.0
PBI
TEB
PBE
I certity that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pint's Sinnah ire
Havel Podcas
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
Number
of tandingo
1242"C, GAYET, RIP, AUDREY RAEM BAULT
1293 JE GM, AUDREY RAIMBAULT
1/1
1294 JG,GM, AUDREY, MELINOA LUNT 2
1295 JG, GM, ET
1296 3S ET GWYNDOLYA AGEK, MR. BROM
FREYA WISING
1297
JG,GM, ET, CLANHAZEL
1298 JE, GM, ET, CLAIRE HAZEL
1299 JC, SHELLY ANNE LEWIS
1300 JE, SHELLY ANNE LEWIS
VI
V1
130) JE, ET
1302 SS, AP, ALBERTO PINTO I MALE
1303
JE
GANV
ROXBURGH
1304 JE
GARY
ROXPURGH
1305J€
ROXBURGN
1306 JE, AP, ALBERTO PINTO, I MALE
1307 JE
ROXBURGU
1388 JG
1/1
1309 TE, MANDY GUISON SEAN MENHAM
1316 JG, GM, ET, JEAN MICHELE GATHY
Pace Total
:9/1
Amount Forward
6270
5969
0279
This da hote
Aircraft Category...
AARPLANE GLADCR HELICOO
29
25
3
2
2
4
2
5
28
40
6
36
2
4
2
2
2
464
76608
3 3
743
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000033
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page363 of 648


Aircral Make
and Model
G-11596
Aircratt
Idertification Mark
N908JE
Points of Departuro & Arrival
From
To
10
1 t
NIZPH
206L3
206L3
25
28
31
6159-B
1 certify that the statoments made by me on this form are true.
Mies
Flighti Romarks, Procedures,
Flown No.
baneuvers, Endorsements
1313G, GM, ET
3N3 JGGM, ET, AP, CLARE + VICTORIA HAZEL
A314 JEGM,ET
1315 5G, E5
136 JE
130/ RETUREM FOR EMP CAROS
1321 JE, SOPHIE BIOOLG, I FEMALE
1322 JE
1323 J4
1324 JG, SOPVIE, JOEL ROSHCOW
134S JG, AR, SOPHIE, SHELLY
11326JG
TIL ROSOL COELURE
EMERGUNCY LANORNO, iSO PULL AUTOS BUTT
PERUCTION, GNOLNE FORLORE ON TAKEOF SCOPES
STLING WITH POWER CONNED ANG)
320 1º
138 - na
Page Total
Amount Forward
Tolal to Mata
Number
of Landings
14
/
141
141
1/1
V2
6279
5976
Alrcraft Category...
ARRPLANE GLIDER HELICORTE
26
24
3
1
46
23
27
2 4
2h
12
2
- Ч
3
3
4/1
+S
2
4
44
11072
2
Minis
3
74
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000034
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page364 of 648


Date
2,000
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identifcation Mark
Pointe of Departure & Arrival
From
To
2
GIS1-B
10
N90 35E
SAF
VNT
UNT
TEB
TEB
PBL
206L3
PMP
PMP
206L3
N 72P H
PMP - NW-PMP
206L3
N72PH
PMP- NN-PMR
206L3
N72P H
PMP-NN-PMS
206L3
N72PH
20GL3
N72P
PMP-Nui-PMP
14
14
20GL3
N72 PH
PMP
HST
206L3
N 72PH
15
20GL3
N72PH
HST
PMP
pMP
FLL
15
206L3
N72PH
FLL
15
206L3
N12PH
PMP
PMP
15
206L3
N7281
FAL
EXE
PMP
16
206L3
7 грн
PM P-LL - PMP
22
20613
7гPH
PMP-LEL - PMP
206L3
729/
PMP - FYE- PMP
23
EC120B
121TH
P6T
IBE
I cerlily that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot'a Signaturo.
arid Relen
Miles
RoWi
Fight
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
12 Men 22AME Left FAT
1336
331 NO PASSENGERS 051. PATN
REVIEWED A-GAN
- UNUSUAL AIT.
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
1/1
77
25
1
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000035
5
1 2
1.6.
11
EXF choirk
QUICK REVIEN- GI, N, TR
IFR / LI
MARK MEAGEO
Page Tolal
Amount Forward
Total to Date
1- NDE AXE
/- NUB EXE
6283
6289
15994
O
4
77604


Date
Aircraft Make
19260
and Model
FEB
23
206L3
24
206.L-3
25
206L-3
2.6
206L-3
29
29
Aircraft
identification Marc
Nº72P8
N72PH
N72P1
N72PH
Points of Departura & Arrival
From
To
PMP-FXE- PMS
PMP-FXE-PMP
11
2
1 -
3
10
11
FMY
URB
VRB-
PMP --X-PMP
PMP-F45-LNA- PME
PMP
PA P
PHP
PME
LNA
AMP
PMP
G 11598
n 19
4
4
1
N90855
pB I
PRI
TEB
PB.L
1 certify that the statements made by me on this form are irue
A Pan
PBL
TAB
PBF
TIST
Miles Flight
Flown
No.
Hemarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
VER/27,8, JD RELATE
PIER /26,7, + /0
1FK/ 47*7
Number
of Landings
Afrcraft Category...
ALRPOINEGLEDEA HALELE
Smorbari
365970 17/0).
Shnr811 sung
12/01 CONFIDENTIAL DR_000036
3060547C(/
17/01
$0205y700/
PREPLER / LI,3,4,5,9,+10
PRA /ER / LI, 6, 7, 2, 3 10
N33LRSS FLIGHT
7372 VOR APRONES US OLD
1: TUM.
12
+-
1/
- нікара
Pago Total
Amount Forward
3111
6.
2
2.
3760
2
3
15.
1613
Case 18-2868, Document 218, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page366 of 648


Date
2080
MAT
Aircraft Make
and Model
Alicrati
identification Mark
From
G1)548
N9025€
125
12
15
TEB
PBI
10
TE
TEB
21
30
TIST
REB
16
MDW
TEB
PBI
9
12
14
14
15
11
18.
25
25
25
TL-B
1L
SAF
VNY
SFO
LAS
PHY
PBI
TEB
14.
TEST
I L
TED
I certity that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Maril ReMan.
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
TEB
PBL
TEB
TIS T
TGB
MOW
TEB
PBI
TEB
SAF
VNY
SFO
LAS
PHX
PBI
TEB
MIST
KES
PRE
Mllos
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Mansuvers, Endorsements
1339 TS, AP, PAULA GPSSGIN, ALEX AMARIA
1134 JG,5 I-LEY LEWIS
134| JE, SHELLEY LEWIS
1342 REPESEZTON
1343 JE, GM
1344 I,G.M, ET, AP, IFEMAL
1345 JE, GM, ES, I FEMALE
134L TG, GM, I FEMALE
1347 JC
1349 JE
JC
1350
135J TE
1352 JG
1353.TE, GMIERRE PENSE MARIND,
1B55 REPOSIFION
Pape Total
Amount Forward
Number
of Landirgs
V/
/
Aircraft Catogory...
Drapane
GLIDER
3 8
2
4.
19
2
2
. 4
3
2
1
2
10
3
V
2
3
3
7
2
6242
499
6186.
177688
HELTCORE
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000037
3
3
112
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page367 of 648


Date
2900
JUN
21
Aircraft Make
and Model
Alraratt
Identification: Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
To
G-11598
N908JE
TIST
PBI
TEB
17
1 FOB
LIES
Gmmy
GMEF
LEBB
11
EGGW
EGAA
BGR
JEB
PBI
TEM
SAF
SIMULAR JFK
JFK
JFK -TEB-SWE
11
JFK-SWF. JFK
N9085G PBI
SAF
he statemente made
by
me on this
forn are true
aris Deran
TIAL
Miles
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
, Flown
No.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
REPOSITION
1357 6, GM, ET, AP, SORE BIDDLE
158 TO LAR
1359
JE, GM
13t0
JG, GM
13G
1X2 J<,GM
133 JEGM
13L4 TE, GM
1365 TG, GM
135C,GM
1367JG,cm
1368 J6, SHELLEY LEWIS
136956, 5 HELLETLEWES
GARY
ROXBURGH
1370 MALE, AP, SOPHIE, JAS CAREERC
Number
of Landings
1/p
Alrcraft Category...
2
2
2
2
18
9
19.
19
Page Tolai
Amount Forward
/
1
12
6306
2498
1
-
1
3
4
4
3
57
78187
3
-
HELLOI
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000038
112
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page368 of 648


Date
24900
AUG
24
20
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Idortification Mark
From
G-1159B
N908JG
"1
SAF
VNY
TEB
PBI
11
TEB
10
12
21
25
26
24
30
PBI
TIST
: 0
TEB
SAF
VNY
11
TEB
TJST
if
PFI
TEB
10
13
13
15
FBI
TEB
LGA
-FFB
EGGB
I certify that the siatements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature.
David Relaf
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
VNY,
TEB
PBI
TEB
PBI
TLET
TEB
SAP
ANY
TEG
TIST
PBI
TEB
PBI
TEB
LGA
LFPB
EGBB
BGR
Mies
Flown
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Manputers/ Endorsements
1379 JE KELLY SPAMM
158T66M,AP
135JE
1332 JE
1383 JG, GM, ES, AP
138LJE, SAM, ET, APCHERI KRAPE
1385
TEGM, ET, AP, CHERI KRAPE
1586 TE, GM, AP, JOE PAGAND, I PERVALE
1387=G, KELLY SP9MM
1388 TE, TIFFANY GRAMZA
1381 JE, PETER MARINO, I PERSON
1390 JE, PETER MAPINO, I FEMALE
1391 TE, GM, GIT, 1 FEMALE
1392 TE, SHAHEYLEWS
1313 JE, GM, ET
139435. REPOSITON FUR PARIS
1395 JE, VOR HOLDING
139 JE, SHELLEY LEWIS
1397 JE, S HELIEY
LEWIS
Page Total
Amouni Forward
Total to Date
Nimber
of Landings
/
V
1
V
V
13
A0
6318
6005
6331
IGoiS
Aircraft Category...
ALEPLANE GLENER
HELICOPT
17
419
2
2
~M
2
4
3
2
5
2
7
1
5
1
3
59.0
1875
17935b
3
3
13
112.
112l
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000039
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page369 of 648


Date
19:
20000
ост
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircralt
idenlication Mark
G-1IS9B
N908JE
21
23
25
28
29
30
31
NIV
5
7
15
12
12
15
16
11
19
14
11
I certily that the statements made by me on this form are true
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
BGR
PBI
MIA
TIST
EW/R
EGGW
BGR
PAI
TEB
PBI
TIST
TEB
CMI
PBI
SAF
VNY
SAN
FBE
LGA
MIA
TIST
EWR
EGGW
BGR
PBI
TEB
PBI
TIST
Tr-B
PBI
CMH
PBE
SAF
VNY
SAN
PBE
BED
Miles
Fiown
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
No
Maneuvers, Endorsements
JE, SHELLEY LEWIS
135 SET GM, ET, RELiP SPAMM
KELLY SPR/WM
GART
11402 JEGM, ST
GART
RoxbuRCH
1403 TE, GIM, ET
1444 JE, GM, ET NORTHELN LEGHAS
1405 JC, GM, ET
14d. JE, GM, ET
1407 JE, SHELLEY LEWIS
1408. JE, SHELLEY LEWES, JESSILA
144 JC, SHELLEY LEWS, JESSICA BARR
1410
JE, ET
1411 JE,
1412 JE
11413 JE, GM, ET
1424 JE, GM, GT
1415 GM, ET
146 TE, GM, ET
/14пT) GM, ET
Number
of Landings
/
Alrcraft Category...
ARRPLANE
GLIDER
HELELOPI
2
3
3
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000040
Page Tolal
Amount Forward
/
/
2
4
2
2.
2
4
4
2
3
2
191
6331
1642
Ч
2
563
17935 6
3
B
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page370 of 648


Date
-10-
2000
(30v2
19
22
22
28
30
DEC
1
1
Aircraft Make
and Model
Alterafi
Identification Mark
From
G-1159B
N908JE
BED
TEB
10
OCA
PBI
TIST
PRI
1r
DFW
ABQ
SAF
5
TEB
LFPB
EGGW
EGYM
EGSH
10
CYQX
14
14
14
-00
SANY
Ic
PBI
TaB
TIST
PBI
I cartity that the statoments made by me on thie form are true.
Points of Departure & Arrival
TER
DCA
PBI
JESS
PBI
OFW
SAF
TEB
LEPB
EGGIN
EGIM
EGSH
CYQX
PBE
TEB
TIST
PBI
PB I
no Delsa.
Miles
Flown
Right
Remarks, Procedures,
No.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
1478 JE, SHELLEY LEWIS
- 144 JO, AP, SHELLEY LEWIS
1420 JE, AP, SHELLEY LEWIS
1421 JE, GM
1422 JE, GM
1423 TE, GM
142 JE, GM, RICARDO LEGORETTA
1425 REPOSITION
1421.JE/ GM
427TE, GM, ET, KGILYSPAMM
1424 T4, GM, ET, KELLY 58AMM
TOM PRITZKEE
1435 RPOSTIION (NANTICE ENgLAND).
41, KELLY SPAMM
1431
TE GALOW ENSION RUNWAY
1432JC, GM.ET, KELLY SEAMIN
11433 JE, GIM, ET, VIKANTA
1435 REPOSEIION FUR ONS Z ATCAS
1436 TRAS CERJFFELATI ON
Page Total
Amount Forward
Number
of Landings
Vi
V
1
1/1
14
1/
1/10
6342
6021
1a5i
Aircraft Category...
ADRI ANE GLIDEA HELECION
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000041
1
6
4
50
4
3
2
455
79919
33
112
Case 18-2868, Document 218,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page371 of 648


Alicraft Make
and Model
19=
2001
CAN
16
Aircraft
Identication Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
To
6-1598
N908JE
PRE
LCQ
LCQ
TEB
TEB
PBI
22
23
25
25
26
18
18
19
19
22
30
PB=
TEB
TEB
LEFB
17
LEPB
49QX
CYax
FEB
TEB
C172
N1446V
PBI
ABILNA PBELNA
LNA
LCQ
LCQ
MCO
12
G 1159 B
MLO
LND
N908TG
PB =
TIST
TIST
11
B-727-200
SAF
PBE
<-4216
N908GM
D FW
18
SIMULATOR
MEM
MEM
19
12
20
DEW
MEM
NOM
MEM
I certily that the statoments made by me on thls form are trus
Pilot's Signature
avid Redaen
Miles
Flown
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
1437 36, GM. ET
11438. J9, GM, ET
11439
3G, SHELLEY LEWIS
11446 JE, GM, ET, AP
144 JE, SHELLEY LEWIS
1442 TE, SHELLEY LGWES
134554, SHELLEY LEWIS
NAY JE, GM, EJ, VIRGINIA ROBERTS
CI72 VOUT PETE SORENSON
B727 CLUSING N505LS
JONATHAN MAND -INSTRUMENT
A COMPETENCY LICK-CATS CELTURY
1445J6, GM, ET, IRCINIA ROBLOS
1446 JEGM, GT, VIRGINIA ROBERTS
Number
of Landings
14
41
2/г
12
Pade Total
Arount Forward
Total to hale
6351
6034
6361
Aircraft Category...
8L
2
2
6
5
4
7
2
4
2
24
2
3
52
8037
n..r.la
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000042
33
113 0
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page372 of 648


Date
19-
Aircraft Make
and Model
2,001
2-1
8-127,200
22
23
23 C-421B
23
23
MOR
3
10
Aircraft
dentfication Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
DFW
DFW
SIMULATOR
MEM
1.
MEM
N908GM
EC
1G-11598
12
N9095€
14
C-42\B
14
15
N908G1
DEW
A05
PNS
PBI
ELG
LAL
PRE
CYJT
LIPB
LEGR
GMTT
EGGW
BG-R
PBE
G-159B
N909TC
I certify that the stalements made by me on this form are true.
TOG
ADS
PNS
PB
LCQ
LAU
PBE
TOIL
LFPB
LEGR
GMTT
EGGY
BGR
TEB
FLU
PBI
ISP
Plots Signature
Miles
Flown
No.
7
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
Number
of Landings
RUNAWAYS TARSIZE, MANUAL GCARGFLISION
LETO GRAN CONDIK, BATENYSEO
S STALLS, SANGIE ENGENE GO ORM
ZENGINE APPROACHES. RTO START MONTANSEN
9727 CHECK RIDE
SON ATHEN MAND - HEGH DONSITY
AARRORS OPERAS SONS, 509
JONATHAN MAND - STO
ICINE ORGAA TIONS
JDUATHAN MANO-
V
WEDO
BRISED RODGERS-LLEMES, DESCENDS
STOIGHT + LEVEL
ELSE HE
KRISTY ROKERS, - TURNS, STROLCETTIENEL
KRISTY REALERS • DESCENS, SHE
146434,GA, E5, VERGINIA RORERTS
GeRT
Roguein
ALBERTO-LANDO PEN
4
/1469 JE/G-M, ET, VR
1472 5E, GM, ET, UR
RGR
/
TELEP WALLA, BAN
Page Total
Amouni Forward
Total to Date
16/1
269
Loso
Aircraft Category...
ARUSHE
25
2
5
2
3
3
2
1
3
8
2
• 16
2
6
6
4316
30898
18133
33
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000043
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page373 of 648


Date
200(
15
15
16
16
19
22
23
23
23
24
24
27
29
31
Aircraft Make
and Model
G11 598
1 L
2-421 B
G-1|S98
Alrorait
Identication Mark
N909JG
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
LCQ
PBI
/ALA
TEST
LGE
N908GM
N90956
From
ISP
LCQ
PBI
MFA
TIST
LGA
PBE
OPF
FLL
PBI
ISM
PBI
TEB
SAF
PBI
LCR
TGB
GAL
TEB
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
OPE
FLL
PB I
ISM
PBI
TEB
SAF
PBT
LCQ
TEB
GAE
TER
BEp
Miles
Fionn
Flight
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
1472
1 JE
GMAT
'ULUKKOYL
14032965, AP, AN, BX
RGR
147475GIA, AP, AW, BK, CHERE LYNCH RETI
14x TG, GM, FP, AW, BX, CL, EJUH RUR
1475028
TEN PRYA DUND CONGRE
LIESTY ROOGERS- SAL, TURES
KASSY RODGERS - SEL, TURNS
JUNASHAN MANO - 1S -PET
Number
of Landings
/
17
1/1
1/
1/1
Aircraft Category...
AIRPLOM:
GIAR HELICOM
2
6
9
2
3
2
L
5
1
3
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000044
JEGMAPUR BK MARUEN MENSHI
474 HENRY TARLE
148 JC, GM, Al
1482 JE, GM, AP
1483 JC, HGBTHER MANN, LYDIA
J4SYTG, HEATHER MANN, LYDEN
1148555, RHONOr
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
8
18
15/17-
6361
19
8133
5384
18165
3
3
3
13
112
Case 18-2868, Document 278, '
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page374 of 648


Date
~19_
2001
Atroali Make
and Model
Alruratt
kentilicatlon Mark
From
G-1598
N9093C
660
5
J.00
TCB
C-421B
N908GM
PBE
FLL
G-159฿
N4D9.JE PBI
ACY
16
17
20
23
23
TEB
TEST
12
PBI
TEB
il
PBF
ORL
TEB
29
2
SAF
VNY
SAN
LIT
ADS
17
SAT
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pete sore LL
airelRodatn
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
TEB
PBE
FLL
PBI
Ace
TGB
TEST
FBI
TEB
PBE
GRL
TEB
SAF
UNY
SAN
LE1
ADS
SAT
PBF
Miles
Fight : Remarks, Procedures,
Flown
No.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
14580
LARRY MORRISONA TANE, SAL, CLEMES
TULNS
DescarTS.
ANDENE
_ ARRY MORRISON TALE OFE FLANDENT
REDEL SHEENE IAT, GEOMES TUILMS, DESCUAT
H6& PL,ET, UR, BK, JUANN
11484
TC, ET, UR, BK, JOANN
1490
56 GM, AP, BK, UR, JOANN
149)
SEGM BRYS, DK, GUENDO.IN BECK
12 SCHLIRREKG ZEL ASHON
PLOMOLO
1493 TG, G-M, GT/BK
1494
Te, G-M, CT, KYLE
1495 56,GM. GT/KYLE, HENLY DARLENE,5MY
144L. 5G, 0K
A4 ,BK, KELLY GOrANA
1498/58
1494 J
1500 JE
ISO/ JE, VERGINFA ROBERTS
11562 JG VR
Number
of Landings
1/
1/1
1/1
1/1
1/
VI
V
V/1
Vi
CoxPua
3
2
7
9
1
4
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
14/11
6384
606г
_--
2
35
8165
lena.
3
Aircraft Catogory...
ADRPLDAGLLAR HELELORS
2
3
7
2
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000045
3
7
112
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page375 ot 648


Date
Aiccrafi Make
18-
2041
and Model
Aircralt:
identificasion Mark
From
G-1590
N904 JE
PBF
7
CHo
10
C421B
N9086A1 PBE
11
MCN
10
27K
10
osu
11
JUY
12
27K
13
13
IMS
14
GNV
41590
N904JG TEST
20 C-481 B
N908GM PBE
20
ISM
24
G-1159B
TEB
25 C.42|B
N908GM
26
_PBE
LAL
27
MEN
28
28
ISM
G 159B
N909JG
I PFE
I certily that the slatomonte made by me on this form are true.
Points of Departure & Arrival
CHo
TEB
MCN
27 K
OSu
27 K
IriS
GNV
TEB
I SM
PBE
PBI
LAL
MCN
ISM
PFF.
TEB
Pilot's Signature
aral Rockeris
Mies:
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Numbar
Maneuvers, Endorsements
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
AFRICAL GLIDER
1503
36, GM, GET, INCA DOERREG
JONATHAN MAND-CRESS COUNTRY TER,
ARLY MORAISON, PATH, KREETY
SNATIANMANA-IFK CROSS COUrTR
1/1
1
141
14
LARRY MORNED
JONATHAN MAND - GAS GICRATIANS
NO PASSENCERI
No PASSON GOAS
RYAN COUMOR ELEMOSTHEN DESCENTS TO, FL
7.
3
KARTY ALASSO
50654/ GM, GT, BK, VR I REMALI
11
PATEY, KROSTY ALYSSI
RITY GULE SUSTES, MP, PROS, MEATILO
PATST, KRISTY, ALYSSO
11507 J5, GM, GS, AF, FEMALL
12
1/
PATSY, KRISTY, ALYSSA
PATSY REST RAN CONE ARE
PATSY, IRISTY
1/1
VI
8
1
SO SEMAN, JOEL PASTE
COMe, IMALE
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Data
15
6398
6073
0414
1
3
1
1
1
2
33 5
82,00
4.
HELIC OT
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000046
112
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page376 of 648


Date
-1R
2001
4-2
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircralt
Identification Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
To
B727-31
G-11598
N505LS
N909TC
LCQ
PBI
TEB
PBI
3
PBI
TIST
12
TEST
TEB
TEB
CYUL
12
CYUL
TEB
12
12
TEB
PBI
13
TEB
15
TEB
18
PBE
22.
TeB
23
LiPo
25
LEMAN
26
L FML
26
LFPE
255
LPAZ
TIST
14
PBI
TEB
LE-PO
LAWN
LIML
LFPB
LPA2
TEST
PBF
11
1 t
11
TEB
CPS
I certity that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Plot's Signature.
Hard Rages
Miles
Fight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvars, Endorsements
WALLARZA
150
1513 REPOSEIFONCARI BLEED AIRDULT)
11514
1515
JE, CAROL
156
TG6M STARIAN, CAROLYN, IREMAL
(s)7
ISA
JE, GM, I FEMALE
1520
1521 JE, GM
|I522 JE, GM, ES, ED TUTTEE
1523
ISA J4, GM, ET, VR
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
+ /
V
/
1/1
/
Aircraft Category....
ADEPLANE
1
2
6
2
4
3
1
11
23
24
3
25
7
1
7
1/14
6414
6687
34.30
5101
39
60
25
2
7
2.
3
49 2
82339
82831
3
3
HECILOPILE
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000047
3
112
112
Case 18-2868, Document 218,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page377 of 648


Date
10-
200
JUL
16
23
28
29
29
AVEL
Arcraft Make
and Modei
G-11595
Aircraft
Identification Mark
N9E9TE
13-727-31
B-727-100
G 11596
N908JK
N904TE
6-727-31
N90BTG PBr
LGA
14
C-421 B
N908GM
PBE
14
1L
JAN
14
15
1L
1-
AMA
ØED
15
16/B-727-31
ABa
IN908 JE
ABQ
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Plot's Slanatum
are Podser
Paints of Departure & Arrival
From
To
SAF
TEB
TESS
PBE
ISP
TES
PES
BBE
MFA
TEB
PBS
LGA
ABQ
JAN
AMA
ABQ
ZURRO
PBF
Miles
Fight
Flown No.
Romarks, Procedures,
Maneuvate, Endorsements
152)
REPSSTION PITOT STATIC LEAK
1528 Jo, Es, GM, VR
(SP>
153156, VIRGLIED REBUITS
SC
1532
1533 J&
1534 JE, GM, ES, IFEMALE
GARY
RUSSROM
INTENT CORMENCY
1535 JE GM, BY, ES, TAYLOR
153 NO 'SONARS
MEYE
DONOVaN
2
JG, GM, eT, Br, 2 fanaLes
SOMPENAN CHECESTUMACTER
OMPETANKY CHECK
RING MAND RENET GE
RNASHAN MANY-
SEATTURE BAGRATEON
PON 66RD 33025 FIELD
OPGRATEANS
5G,GM, ETAP, FLONE, SONANATMY MAND
Pago Tota!
Amount Forward
Number
of Landingu
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000048
V/1
/
4/4
1/1
1/1
/
-
/
-
1/1
1/
20/11
6430
5450
Airoraft Category...
PERRANE COLARGE
HELELSE
2
3
5
6
2
7
2
4
3
2
4
3
445
8283
-
6
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page378 of 648


Date
20+
AUG
19
24
27
29
30
SEP
3
Aircraft Make
and Model
Alreratt
Identification Mark
From
3-727-31
N908IG
PBE
HPN
PBE
1€
N9095E
HPN
PAI
B-721-3)
TIST
HPN
9
PBS.
HEN
TUN
C-172
14
฿ -727-3
21.
22
25
25
N9055€
LNA
PBE
HPN
CYQX
LFPS
<Y9x
HPN
PBE
ABG
HPN
I certify thet the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pliol's Signature
ard Redaes
Points of Departuro & Arrival
To
HPN
PBI
TIST
APN
PBL
HEN
LNA
HIN
CYRX
LFPB
CYQx
HEN
PBI
ABQ
HPN
TAX
Mites Flight
Fown No.
7
10
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
SEGM
SuRe
JG, GA, BADUKEOKKKOYLU
DE, GM, BK
JE, GM, 45, AR,DK
12
EL, GM,ET, BK, | FEMALE
113
JE,GM, ES, BK
14 36, GM, CT, KARGN CASEL, LEST
AL PERRELA - TAXE, TOYOSEG
CLEMES, DESCENTS
15
TE, GM, ET
JIGM, <1
17
JEGMET
18 FIES, ED TUTTLE
19
20
21
22
JG, ES, PAULA EPSTEIN
JG, GM, SARAH KELLEN
JE, GM, SK, 2 ELMALE
Page Total
Arount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
-
3/3
Aircraft Category..
ALRAN GLIDE HERCEN
2
5
2
4
2
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000049
2
4/4
1/1
2
2
2
4
5
3
2.
- 7
4
3 h
23
7/4
55 0
6450
83276
6467-83811L
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page379 of 648


Date
19.
1004
15
15
9
10
1L
15
17
17
15
23
26
30
30
NoT
5
Alrcraft Make
and Model
Al/craft
identification Mark
CI12R
N395SP
N39588
N90854
B-121-31
G• 11596
1L
1 L
PBI
TEB
BED
TE
TEST
TEE
16
P 85
LCO
TEB
SAF
ASE
1 -
6
PBE
CMH
11
TGB
I certify that the slatemants made by me on this form are true.
Plint's Sinnahira
Hardlectan
Points of Departure & Arrivai
From
To
LNA
LNA
LNA -BET-LNA
JAX
LCQ
P.BI
TEB
TER
36р
TEB
TIST
TEB
PBE
LCG
TEB
SAF
ASE
PRI
CMH
TEB
LCQ
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
STALS, MLA, STORTENS, GMERGENCY.
24
I NO PASSGNGERS
153) NO PASSENCERI
1531 JL
SARAH KELLEN
540 TE,M, SX, LARRY, STEVE, I FOMALI
1541 JE, BONNSL
1542 J5, DONNIE
1543 JE, GM, DR, SK, 2 FEMALES
/1547 JE, SK, JULIE
1548 JG, GM, SK
15403E, GM, 5K
1550 3EGM, SK
155)
JS, SK
BELLA WEENGES FUNERAL
1552 JE, SK
1553 T, AP, SK, JULIE
Page Total
Amount Forward
Intal to Data
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
AZRRLANEGLIOR
5
3/3
- 4/4
/
VI
1/1
L.
/
T8
2
2
4
3
5
40
2
Ч
6133.
6485
37
2
14
2 2
339
8392. 6
442114
3
2
3
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000050
112
Case 18-2868, Document 218, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page380 of 648


Date
204
Arcraft Make
and Model
1G -11596
B-727-31
=
Aircraft
Idantification Mark
arture i
Arrival
From
23
24
26
30
DEC
L-3.
Milos
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
TVI
Flown
Maneuvers, Endorsements
Number
of Landings
153) TEAR SK, JULEE
ASSS.
FEM SHOTEL PASHCOW,
IS 246F SARN YELEN, MELANDRA
25
RERSION FROM PAINT (TOMEDS
=
26
JG,GM,5K
27
J-,GM, SX
283EGM, SK
29
KK, COWARDU
31
TE, GM, SK
32
IG,GM, SK
33
24 3E, 5K
JE, GM, AP, IFEripLE
Alrcraft Category...
-
$3
49
12
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000051
79
25
1/
345E
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are truo.
Pilot's Signature.
Dave Quagen
Pago Tolal
Amount Forward
Total to Date
6495
41492
6155
226
84215
8450 V
112
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page381 of 648


Vrcraft Make
and Moral
Aircraft
dentification Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
•NUT
From
<-411B
N9D8GM
SAF
20160
3-727-31 090854
HPN
PBI
1 1
ISP
PBL
13
=
TEST
HPN
15.
CMI
=
PBS
-
MIST
30
250%
JANG
TLPL
=
PBI
TEST
EwR
13 G-1159B
N909JE 0BE
MPPY
146-727-31 6-727-31/N90850
PBE
I certify that the statemenis made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature.
and Retaker
SAY
ZORRO
TEST
HIN
PBE
TEST
TLPL
PBE
TIST
GWR
MBPY
PBE
LGA
JAL
Milos
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Flownt No.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
TATLANNA, Z MENEVACAN PRENTERS
SORRY VIOSKE TAKENE PELTURES
37 JE,SK, GO,Y HAUS
34 TESK
35
SEAr
JE, G-M, AS, ISEMITE
37
54,5M, SK, AP, GT, CU, CR
38
JE, SL, 2 SEMAUSZ MANUI
34 JK
40
55,GM,SK, I FEMAN
42 TE, GMSK,AT, FLEAR PERRY LAM BREA
43
TIE GMAPSKI FEMALE
44 SEGM READ, ALEKA WALLARD,
45 JE, SEM, ROCKA, WARREN, MARGARET,
1558
56, GM
46 3E GM
Number
of Landings
Pase Total
Arount Forvard
Total to Date
P/o
V/1
6401
GISS
6597
Aircraft Category...
AERILANE
HELE
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000052
U D
15
26
2/4
4 1
26
Г
2/2
40 8
33|112
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page382 of 648


Nrerati Make
anc Model
2002
15 B-727-31
Aircralt
Identification Mark
N90SJE
10
From
22
25
27
13
1 :
=
=
=
15
15
16
18611596
=
N909TE
I cartly that the staten
nts mado ty me on thie form are inue.
Plot's Siontum
tre
Arrival
EGGW
BGR
PBT
АВЧ
PBE
Miles Fight
Remarks, Procedures,
TIAL
Rown No.
Maneuvars, Endorsements
47
148 54, JESSILA
49 TOM MENDY LOPEZ,
5I JEANSK, AP, CINDY LOPER
54 IL,GM,SK, AP, ED TURTLE CENT LORE
55 JE, SM, 3K, AP, MALE, IFE MALL
56 5, SK, AP
54 54,5K
Lo JE, SK
6 1G, SK
62 J6, GM, SK
13 5G, GM, SK
1551 JE
15L0 EMPTY
Number
of Landings
VI
1/
Aircratt Category...
AIRPLA/G
G-LpOeR
34
26
25
27
24
3.2
N
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
6507
6162
LiLa
-
8490 9
9541 a
ww
ONFIDENTIAL DR_000053


Data
-40-
2002
18
20
23.
23
251
28.
Aircrett
Idendification Mark
11
Points of Departuro & Arrival
FrOm
Miles
Right
TIAL
Romarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers: Endorsements
GEM SY, GLEN DUBE ALONE
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
AIRPLAN GUANGR
HaLr
ONFIDENTIAL DR_000054
11
N909TE
N90856
SEM ULASOL
152 GM
7B-HCCK
STEEr TURTS, STALLS, HOLDENCY
Vi
10
14
17
19
21
22
=
=
JFK
I certify that the staternonts mado by mo on this form are frue.
Pilot's Signature
Hard Redaps
7316; SK, JOE PAGANO, JUSE, TODD
15 TE GM, SK
T6 3E, GM, SK, NAOME CAMPUELL, INNUE
77 TONIGHE SUNKERMANN
Paga Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
6564
16526
25
43
12
20
20
2 u
2.0
41
25
26
67
78
26
56 6
85419
454414
33 112
blin


Daip
19..
200г
APIT
in
Airoraft Make
and Model
3-727-31
=
Airsraft
Identification Mark
N908JE
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
PBI
TIST
PBI
IAN
PBI
TIST
PBE
PBI
IFK
Mies
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvors, Endorsements
78
79
SE GMASK, AP, 2 FEMALE,
84 JESK, SHELLEY LEWIS
Nurber
of Landings
GUIL LM
SCAN X6D
SO 1/1
FOK LM
SIMULATOR
Alrcraft Calegory...
ARRANE GLIDER
23
27
21
28
25
20
26
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000055
12
23
241
N9085€
PRI
=
ABQ
JFK
TOTALS
I certity that the stataments mada by me on this for are true.
Pilot's Signeture.
David Redogs
ABa
JFK
PBI
20
30
4 l
3 L
2 H
9 JE, GM,SK
92 TE,S HELLY LEWES
REPORTED
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
6135
6/86
366
8598 51
86351
33|112
1112
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page385 of 648


200г
Aircaft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Idantification Mark
N904GM
N9D8JC
B-727-31
L421B
6-727-31
N9085€
From
19
20
22
23
=
=
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
29
30
31
I certily that the statemenis made by me on this form are true.
RITA
VANI
2657.
IWSSS
VTBD
WBSB
WARR
VLET
OMOB
Lips
EGGW
GIW
TIAL
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuyers, Endorsemonts
POLLUBBETEL YEATEN
9339, 5x
94/ JC,GM, SK
95 REPOSITEON
GL JC, GM, SK
98 54,6M, 5K
99 JE,GM, 5K
102
SANGASARONG
103
SAME AS ABOVE
SAME AS BROVE
MOTEEM, SK
J&, CM,SK
ISS GrISK
108 IG, GM.5K
104 TE GM, SK
110 REPOSEIION
Number
of Landingo
RETICEB
RUG V 1
DESE
RATNGLE
RANCIE
RES 1/1
Pace Total
Amount Forward
6533
Alrcraft Cafegory...
PERPLANE GLITAR HELELOPI
S
N
N
18
65
40
34
22
26
21
52
44
3 8
10
574
46351
35 11z
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000056
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page386 of 648


Alcraft Make
and Mode!
Aircratt:
Points of Departure & Arrival
dentificaiion Mark
2002
JUN
8-727-314 N90850
14
14-
G- -1159B N909.54
13-727-31HN90852
19 61159B
N909JE
21
71
23
23
27 B-727-314 N908JC
29
=
10
=
JFK
PBE
PBI
Bos
TEST
JFKI
TEM
PBE
MYEF
PBL
MYLE
TEB
PBE
LAPB
1PPB
LATH
LFPS
LATH
-FPB
LEMN
I certity thal the statements made by me on this form are true.
Dilala Cinnatura
TVID
Miles Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Flown No.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
N2 TE, SK
GMU FLIGHTS SCAN RELEN, ERRORI
REPOSESPON
115E, GMASK, CINDY LOPEZ, LA ROMANO
158 REPOTION
RASCA
BE, GMIEN, CENDY LOPEZ PENGA
ISTI RaPESSTAN
1574 REPoSEyDoN
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
AARPUAN GUTTER.
69
2 3
27
26
3 8
HELICOA
12
0/0
a/o
1/1
12
2 f
25
SARI AS TIL
118 JG, JURE CONCEBPOGH
14 JE
Page Total
Amount Forwand
0/0
6/-
0539
- 187
6<47
-
476
86925
33112
-
NFIDENTIAL DR_000057
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page387 of 648


Datc
Albmit Make
and Model
Aircraft
dontification Mark
2,002
5436127-31#|N908JG
=
13
=
ITIAL
Points of Doparture & Arrival
Milar
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneavers, Endorsements
From
GMIT
GMME 120
JAGM, SK, AP, CINDY LOPEZ
I215E, GM, SK, CL, AF
LPAZ
TFK
18
19
=
G-1159B
N904.50
<-172XP N7395P
206L3
N474Aw:
B-727-31HN908JE
16
1g
25
17 G1159-B N90916
TER
21/13-727-314 N908T6
i certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
JAX
MVY
BED
TEB
SAF
AGG
AGG-
JAX
PBI
TEB
PBI
TEST
JFK
LFP B
124
IS, SHELLEY LEWIS, 2 FEMALES
125
KRISTY RODGERS, GREG HOLDORT
ALYSSA HaDER-C CHECK
1583 JE, IFEMALE
115BY J4, 1 FEMALE
158s i
IG, IF MALE
IE, SL, 2 FEMALES
172 CHECK GuF
126 E-CHECK FLIGHT TEST
127 RETURN FROM C-CHECK
1540 JE VEREENAR RUBURTS, I FEMALE
12g DE, SHELLET LEWIS
129 TE, SK
13OSG, SK, CINDY LOPEZ, IFEMALE
Pago Total
Arount Forward
Shinines
of Landings
Alrcraft Catagory...
AIRPLANE GLENER
2 1
24
22
28
39
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000058
3/3
коли 1/1
1/
11
5544
kenn
2.4
25
36
64
44 0
87401
33112
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page388 of 648


Date
Aircall Make
and Maxil
Aircraf
dantificalion Mark
2002
5368-727-311 NGOATE
ure
Arrival
From
2.1
22
23
24
25
26
B-127-314 N9D9IL
LIAZ
DGAA
=
DNAA
=
=
HRYR
FOMA
FA<5
28
FAJS
CAcT
=
OGAA
I certify that the statements made by mo on this form are true.
Plot's Signsure
ard Rodern
DG-DA
ONAA
HRYR.
FaMA
FACT
FAJS
FACT
OGAP
LEPB
Miles Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
TIAL
1315E, NECLE JUNKERMANN
132 TE, NECOLE JUNKERMANN
213325K BRY LOPEZ,
N3UJE, I FEMALE
15925€, ANDREA, 2 FEMALES
1ST TE, SIGLEY LOWE
JE, SHELLET LENES
I TESTEREY LONES, AMPRES
1846/ 86, SK, DRANE FLEEINON
SAME AS ARONE LESS RUN PORKLE
SAME A ABOVE
141
143
145 SAME AS ABOVE
Pago Tetal
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Alrcraft Categury...
AEROLINE GLIDER
1/1
1/1
VI
V
10
75
25
5
38
2 G
5/2
40
38
21
ONFIDENTIAL DR_000059
5/6
6553
6200.
6559
616b
87841
8846/6
33113
33113
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page389 of 648


Date
2052
Aicraft Make
ard Model
Aircraft
dentification Mark
G-11546 N9,09 VL
=
SIMULMOR
JFK.
ALAV
SWE
PBI
G-727-2,00
SEMULATON
G-11596
N909.5e
* 5
MAs
TEST
TEB
TEST
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pointe af Departure & Arrival
From
EGGW
LFPB
JFK
PBE
TES
RBI
TEB
TIST
рвс
MIVE
TIST
TEB
TIST
PSI
Mites
Flaht
Flown No.
TIAL
Remarks, Procedures.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
MARE POTTER- PPE
1600 JE, GM, AMORE TESTSOVELT,
LO TE, SK, ANDREA METRO VECTL
MOZ TE, SK, AM RECH HAKSANT
PLUTE ENEME FAILURE CONS ORALE
Page Total
Amount Forward
Number
of Landings
141
1/1
6558
4 266
Aircraft Category...
AIRAN C-UNEN HEL
24
2 3
2 0
23
20
2 0
4 3
= G
58466
3311
NFIDENTIAL DR_000060
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page390 of 648


Date
Aicraft Make
and Madel
Airuraft
dentification Mark
From
22
2.2
24
24
=
=
G-150
=
23
2, 00 5
=
I cortify that the slatemonts made by me on this form are true
Arleneti
parture
Arrival
TLST
LAZ.
L-PB
buww
AFS.
PAI
JAK
PB:
TLST
PAL
PRE
TL5T
PBL
TEB
PBT
Miles
Flown
Fight
Remarks, Procedures,
Mehouvors, Endorcoments
REG-TEAN
159.
Number
of Landings
1/1
JELL-M SX, ANPOLO MERONERAT
IU.
161
Banned
BEGINSK. VALSON
JE, 5K, VALSAN
Pago Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
776
6567
9374
Aircraft Category...
95A OLDE
ONFIDENTIAL DR_000061
36
16
15
r!
53
8896
5449
113
=
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page391 of 648


Aircan Make
and Model
13 B121-311
=
22
=
61159B
8-723-3111
=
=
=
Arcrat
Identification Mark
NATASE
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
=
=
Tes
POT
JFK
PBI
TIST
LEGR
LFPB
CYQX
PBE
JEK
MRY
17
25
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
• 1 Dal a
TVLL
Miles Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
TO HELM-SHOLE DA CAREN
Numbor
of Landings
12
164
VI
1/1
SMITTEO LOGBOOK ENTRIES
Pape Total
Amount Forward
104/109
lil 115
65*74
623.0
Aircraft Category...
ADCPLANE
22
31
22
25
26
10
N
03
7 2
N
55
89442
Hea
ONFIDENTIAL DR_000062
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page392 of 648


2003
Aircran Make
and Nodel
Alrurant.
identification Mark
13-727-3LH N908JE
=
=
Points of Departure & Arrival
6-727-205
13
G- 159B
19
21
25/6-721-314
21
=
=
N969JG
=
=
=
From
MRY
AB Q
JFK
MIA
PB J
TEB
TEB
PBL
MYNN
PBS
JFK
TIST
SAGR
GUAC
LFPB
I corlify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Hot's Signature.
avid Fodefir
ABQ
JFK
PBI
LCL
BED
TES
PBI
MYNN
PBS
JFX.
TEST
SSGR
GUAC
LEPS
CYaN
Miles Flight
Ficwn. No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
TIA
184A00 GET AALER, BRENT
180
HOLDENE
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
RESPLANE GLIDER
50
35
28
25
HELT
JG
TEGMIES LUL BRONELSK
183 MECHALL LESEMANN
28
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
141
3/3
5335
54
9015
4071
113
ONFIDENTIAL DR_000063
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page393 of 648


Date
2,003
Aircatt Make
and Model
AFIL
B-727318 N90850
13
6:1159B
N9695C
13
14
Ai craft
Points of Departure & Arrival
idantification Mark
=
21
21
24
=
=
=
=
=
=
26
=
=
=
- BHT-40 N40 BP
=
=
=
N40007
12
N491GM
12 B-727-31lt
N968TE
I certify thal the stalements made by me on this form are true.
TIST
TIST
TIST
JFK
Dilala Cinnalino
Hail Rodal,
Villes
Flowni
Pligh
Remarks, Procedures,
Mansuvers, Endorsemonts
Number
of Landinge
DAM MASSER
11629
14
GARRY MASSTOVI
BARRY MASSON?
83A4304
1314,04, 5K, 65
1133 IS,SK, TEALA DAVIES, DEANE
VI
1635 36,SX
ISLANDER MERCULTS, 3K, IT
SLAN GUSL12D, NOMORANDS
NO HYDRAULELS, AUtO HOVErS
LARRY VISOR S
Aircraft Category...
AIRPLANE GUIDEL HELICOTRI
22
28
26
4 8
31
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000064
-
-
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total ta Nata
E69)
15339
4647
37
9071 4
191-1-1
alra
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page394 of 648


Date
Aircraft Make
2003
and Model
Aircrait
Identication Mark
12013-727-314N90836
21
22
6-11546
11
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
LIRA
LEMO
JFK
TEB
BHT-467
G-N59B
=
N49IGM
N9095E
TIST
TESS
TEST
PBI
TEB
CYUL
B-727-31719085E
PBI
29
10
=
MYNN
TESS
JFX
6-11598
N9095k
=
PBI
TEB
PBI
=
11
TEB
I certify that the statemente rade by me on this form aro true.
Ply's Sionature
land Retal
LEMO
JFK
PBE
TEB
TISE
JEB
TEST
BBI
TEB
CYUL
PBI
MYNN
JFK
JEY
PBI
TEB
OBI
TEM
NIV
Mües
Flown
Remarks, Procedures,
Maseuvers, Endorsements
Number
of Landings
11901
SE JERUPASIKON, TOP ALESTER
200 BECUT TENDALL
1638 JE, BT, JULIE
1639 IS, AM, →X, 181
34, AMSK, VALDSONGSTRIN
164)=4/AM,SK,VG
K42SE, AM, SK
1643 SE, BENE BAND, GM
201 J6/AMNC,SK
202/3C, AM,GM,5K, VE
206 TE, ELERSON HAMDEN,
164636, Am, sH
1648.
1/1
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
a/p
VI
V1
Eyes
Aircraft Category...
ADRIANE GLIDER HELE
76
26
25
46
26
12
26
38
24
26
25
499
91025
19,524
118
3/3/118
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000065
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page395 of 648


BRIA
Aircaft Make
Aircraft
Points of Doparture & Arrlual
21303
and Model
dentilication Mark"
From
3-727-318 N909JE
JFK
PBI
PBE
5555
J
BHT4от
N49IG-M
L$S
TESS
TI5T-LS3-TL55
13-727-311
N908.JE
TIST
JFK
10
JFK
13
G-11598
N909JK MIN
TEB
13
TOB
SAF
20
SAF
ASE
20
ASE
TEB
22
TEB
31
B727-31#N90834
PBE
JAX
31
G- 1159B
N909JG
PBE
TEB
31
TEB
TEB
SIMuLason
LGB
LGB
LGB
LG-B
18
LGB
LG-B
22
N909.5k
PBr
TIST
26 13-727-250 SAMULATOR
MIA
MIN
I certify that the statements made by me on this form ars true.
Flight
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
Number
of Landings
TERRITOR
218
1650 JE, AM, BT, OM
/1651 JC,SK, GM
1653 16, 5M, 5K, IM
219
1654 54, BT, GM, SI,
1655
HOLDONE
LaRa Campe
RYA BUORE COMING SAATECT
142=IG, BT, NADER, SKISH, TO
DAVE SAVAGE-LNSTRUCTOR
Page Total
Amount Forward
1/
4/4
$705
1347
Aircraft Category...
ALRPLANEGLDDER
241
•CONFIDENTIAL DR_000066
38
25
38
38
23
410
45
40
26
20
43. L
9I524
33118
3/3/119
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page396 of 648


3023
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
dentification Mark
From
13-727-200 SIMULATOR
MIA
9/21 6:172
N5279X
LNA
Points of Departure & Arrival
29 G-1159B
30
BHT-407
SHEFLOT
N9159B
=
=
14.
16
19
21
N909JE PBI
TEB
PBI
N49IGM
PBI
ABLAIGM MYEE
MOPP
N9095E
TEST
T&B
PBL
BED
TEB
PBI
TAB
PRI
TEB
MTN
i certity that the staterments made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature
Javid Radagen
MIX
LNA
TEB
PBI
TEB
MYNN
MARY
MOPC
TEST
PDF
BED
TEB
PBE
TEB
PBI
TEB
MTN
TEST
Miles
Flight
Flown
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Manouzero, Endorsementa
RADARZANA GNAMENZ
Dastern - Sackey Chock Placeleslos
SO AMATO - EXAMITER
GM
165 AM, FRAN, PAULA EPSTEIN
JE, AM, 5K, TP, VC
Number
Aircraft Category...
at Landings
AIRPLANE
GLIDER HELLES 14
3/3
2/2
VI
00
24
26
25
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000067
LESS, NOREA, TO
19/58,31
1676 S5, BT, GiN, TD, CARELENA
141-
1/1
1672 3C, BT, AM, 5K
1673 SEPTEM METI
1674 JC, 3K
165 TEAREN
CARYREBREMY/
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
2355
6129
6365
26
28
10
27
25
26
27
3/6
32.0
91955
72275
33
33125
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page397 of 648


Data
49.-
Alcraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
dansfication Mark
2003
02 6-1159B
26
N909IK
1 1
27B-727-31H|N9083E
28
30
:
• 30
=
VOV
=
=
=
=
=
14
18
=
ZUUU
ZBAA
PANC
JFK
PBT
JFK
! certily thet the statements made by ma on this form are true.
Plot's Signature_
al ledge
artu
UNNT
VAHH
ZUOU
ZBAA
PANC
JFK
PBI
JFK
CMA
Miles Fight
Flown |
Remarke, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
1076 JENTSK, TO, LE
1677
220
221
1222
224:52, AM, SK
2267C,AM GM, 3K
22 TEAM OMAR
Numbor
of Landings
Aircraft Catogory...
39
14
-
25
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000068
232-J4, AM, 5K
233 SG, AM, 3K
234/54,837, SK, ANDACA, LE
235-56, BT, sK,LL
236 36,5K
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
1/1
1/
6729
6365
6134
53
65
24
22
63
25
582
92275
92857
33|125
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page398 of 648


Date
19-
Soot
Aircrall Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identificaton Mark
5-727-31195
22
23
25
6-1159B
N9095€
15
=
24
76
Поочі
JAN2
1213-727-3147
15
N908 JC
=
From
CMH
TEST
PBI
TAK
MTV
JFK
CM H
PBE
TISS
TEB
TIST
PBI
TIST
PBE
ISM
PBE
TEB
PBI
JFK
I conify that the statements made by me on this form ane true.
Pilot's Alonelina
TEST
PBI
JFK
P BI
JFK
TIST
TEB
TIST
TIST
PBI
ISM
TEB
PBI
PBI
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Remarke, Procedures,
Maneuvers. Endorsements
239 J& SK
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Catonory...
AIRPLANE
211
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000069
1681
T&/SK, TV
16835G, cM.5K
1604 36, 0M, BT
168510,Br0m
luig
1689
242.35,5K, TD, NM
Зет 2-5
23
45
39
27
L.M
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
10/6
16244
9 C
25
458
42057
93zil<
33/25
33/115
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page399 of 648


Dato
10-
2004
Aleralt Make
and Modet
Aircraft
dontlication Mark
B-727-31#N90854
Polnts of Departure & Arrival
From
PBI
JFK
G-11590
N909JE
1 0
B-127314
15
N9085E
=
24
TEB
TIST
TEB
BED
TEB
PBI
JFK
LEPB
BGR
JFK
PBI
JFK
MRY
VNY
ABQ
TEK
I certify thel the slatements made by me on this form are true.
anil Potalas.
JFK
PBI
TEB
TIST
TAS
BED
TEB
PBI
JFK
LFPB
BGR
JFK
PRI
JFK
MRY
VNY
JFK
PBI
Miles
Fight
Remarks, Procedures,
Flown
Maneuvers, Endorsements
243 34,37,NM, 5K, TD
Number
of Landings
LA
169 SC, BT, NM, TO
169235, BJ, NM, 5K, TD
LV
1694
16ES ALAN DERSHOWITO
16963E, AD, SK
24536, BT, SK,
246 NINA CRANE WORKER,
2473E,GM,+LB,NA, TO, AW
248/34, GM, JLB, TD, NA, AW
24936, BT, NM, SK, TD,
250 JE, BT, NM, TD AW
25| JE, SK, TD,NM, FOREST SAWYER
252 X-NM, SK, TO
25375, NM, SK,TP
254 JE, GM, NM, SK, TD
255 JS, NM, TD, VALOSON COTREN
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
LV
LV
LV
3
CM
6744
6175
6750
tagory...
GLIDER
3 G
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000070
26
25
59
16
25
≤73
93315
93288
33125
3313<
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page400 of 648


Date
Airaft Make
and Model
2.004
mari
G-)159B
17 8-727-200
17
196-11590
31
B-727-31)
G-1159B
15
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
PBE
TEB
BEO
TEB
PBI
MEO
MED
=
19
22
MER
TESS
PAI
JFK
OBI
PBE
TAK
BGD
PBE
TFY
mer in Daved Redgera
TEB
BGD
TEB
PBI
TEST
MEA
MEA
MA
FBI
JEL
PBE.
TIST
JFK
BED
PBI
JFK
PBI
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsomonts
1697 JGNM.TD
18834, 1D
Number
of Landings
GARY
Bussinal
GARY
Sheewan
STEVE
GARY
GR
GR
GR
Alroraft Category...
AIR PLANE
GLIDER
LARRY INSTRUCTIL
HAND Calen
ReY BARLANA
1762 TE, SK, TO, VC
25. 3E, NM, TD,
257 JU/ILB, NM, TD
1-kg 3G,BT,NM,SK, TO
254 36, 5K, LARRY SUMMERS
20 TE, 5K
261 SE, SK, JENNIFER
2626 ME MISTEEN,NM
Pace Total
Amount Forward
Total to Data
VI
LM
EM
1/0
17
9/4
1555
4759
63300
26
23
20
20
30
30
23
23
2. 4
26
2/6
25
42 3
43508
94311
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000071
33|25
3312:6
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page401 of 648


Date
AFK
21
MAY
Aircrafi Make
and Model
3-721-311
Aircraft
dentification Mark
N908:54
From
LKPR
LEPB
CYQX
N9DQTE
=
PBE
TEB
=
PB=
TEST
TEB
AVN
PBE
TeB
BEo
I certily that the stalements made by me on this torm are true.
Plints Signature_
avial Retapu
irture &
Arrival
JFK
PBI
JFK
LFFB
EGGW
LEEK
LIFPB
Cyax
PBI
PBI
TEB
PBI
TIST
TES
HVN
PBI
TLB
BED
TGB
Miles Fight
Remarks, Proceduras,
Flown No.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
263 T4,B1,NM,TD
2414NMSX
26534, NM,SK
26 AGON MANUUSEN
267 JE, GM, NM, SK
268.50, GM, NM,SK
2693K, GM, JLB, NM
270G, NM, SK,
271 3G, NM, SK
1707 RoN
12043E, BT, NM, TD
7ID XE, NM, SK, TD
173/56, 3T, MS,NM.TO
114T4,BT,MS, NM, TD
171636 MS; SK
Number
of Landings
Hazary
LM/
LM
LM
-
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000072
-
58
42
32
24
26
42
LV
LV
LV
Page Total
Amount Forward
fotal to Date
539%
6397
487
94311
44798
33|25
33125
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page402 of 648


Date
+9-1
13
20
21 6 1159B
23
1L
Alroreft Make
and Nodel
G-1159B
Aircraft
dantification Mark
N909TE
B-127-311 NgoRitE
N9045E
15
19
22
25
24
B-127-31N N90856
=
made by me on this form e
eparture :
Arrival
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Romaris, Procedures,
Mancuvers, Endorsemonts
1/56SK
MaTe SK
2736 SI, AD GESMAN
273|34,31, MS, SK, TD
LV
LV
LM
LY.
LV
LU
T722 EERS, NM, SK, SEMUEAK, ER
1723 14, MS, NM, SK SEMOTI
CR
17243E, MS, NM, SK, SEMARNE
GiR
LV
LV
27454, BT,NM, SK, JK STeve man
2775K NM, BT
278
JC,MS, NiM, 5K
279 5E, M15, NM, SK, TD
280-
K,MS, NA, SR, TO
Pace Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
-
Aircraft Cateyory...
19
27
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000073
26
-
121
27
26
26
24
66
6117
36
525
94798
95323
33125
3 3 125
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page403 of 648


Date
$
2 004
SUG
13
18
19
24
25
Aircrafi Make
srid Vorte
=
Aircraft
identification Mark
N9085E
=
N909JG
N908-J6
G-11598
13-727-3117
BHT-407
6721-311/0905E
20
2
12.
13G-1159B G-1159B|N90955 TEB
I certify thal the stalemonts made by me on this form are true
Cartel Redeem
Points of Departure & Arrival
TEST
PPI
TFK
ABQ
VNY
SEGU
PBI
TIST
TEB
JFK
PBI
HURST, TX
HUR 55, 1Y
SAK
PBT
JFK
TEST
PBE
Flight
Flown
281
Procedures,
Endorsements
MM, 3K, TD,
203
LV
265
206
JE, MS,NM, 3K
281 J4,GM, NM, SK, TD
208
JE, GM, NM, SK, TD
289 JE, NM, SK, TO
1121
KRISTY RODGERS
POTST PERS
290
DATNER MESHON
RaPH PAS
36, NM, SK, JK, DANED MULLEN EM
Number
of Landings
299/56, JK, NM, SK
m2a GM
Paga Total
Amcunt Forward
Total to Date
13
5659
Alrcraft Catogory...
56
24
2.4
4.71
-
43
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000074
24
45323
450 4
82
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page404 of 648


Dato
2,004
Aircralf Make
Aircraft
and Madel
Identification Mark
8-727 31HIN908TE
Points of Departure & Arrival
20
25
25
24.
6.11596
N9OLE
Выт-цат
N491CM
G-11598
N909E
SEMAR
From
TEST
PBT
JFK
LFOR
JFK
FBI
T&B
PBI
T15T
L55
TEST
OFW
NOORITE
PRI
10
14
14
16
TEB
PBL
ABY
тЕв
Ban
I certify that the statemonts made by me on this form are true.
mant and Redogis
PBI
JFK
LFPB
JFK
JAX
TEB
PBL
TIST
LS.J
TLST
TEB
DEW
TEB
PSI
ABY
TEB
BES
Miles
Filahr
Flown
Remarics, Procedures,
illaneuvers, Endorsements
3 MORE LESTAMORLEW
32B MISK,
33 JC, NM, IK, SK, DM
3:4
1729)
173. 5E, JK, NM, NATALIE
173 JE, NM
1732 TENM
Mumber
of Landings
Aircraft Catogory...
ARREAL GLODE HELL
LM
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000075
134 IE, SK
1 355E, SA
173 SEINM, 5K, TD, VC
M37STE, NM, SK, TO VE
IRE JE, ANDREA
LM
LV
LV
LV
NORMAL REMALE
PLA TYLUSELL
PIA TRisi
LV
LU
LV
26
2.3
26
46
4b
27
=
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
14
4/3
5103
95974
96384
33127
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page405 of 648


Date
Aireratt Make
and Motel
Aircrall
20:4
Identilication Mark
Points of Departura & Arrival
From
NOV
18
G-54B
N909.JE
TEB
PBI
20B-7273/4 N90836
20
JAY ANAX
SAX
SBT.
23
FBE
TEST
26
6-151B N9097E
PBI
TEST
28
B:127-3# N90856
TEST
JFK
14
B-727 200 SIMULATOL
M ID
15
15
21 6-159B
N9093E PBL
TEST
29
TrAT
TNCM
29
TNiM
TIST
30 BH5407
N491GM
TEST-L$S - TESY
C-151B
LST
TEST
NARTE
TLST
TafF
=
TAFF
PBr
TER
=
TEB
PBE
I cortily that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Elaid Dadakes
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsoments
1740 LOT, NM, SK, DM,
135
3.6
1741 GM JK
LV
304 TOMBSH,
HANK COiLER-LNSTRUCTer
HANK COLE INSTE VERAL
WELLERA
Tosu
WANE CANA INSTENTAR
1153E,5K, MM, GM
174 JC, NM, 5K
LV
1473E, NM. SK
Number
of Landingn
174; 5E,DM, 1L13, NM, SK,2B
InS- SE, DM, GM, UM, SK
1755K, DANA
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Dato
7/5
679t
Aircraft Category...
AIRRAN GinaL HEL
23
26
2/3
24
4 o
2.8
19
-
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000076
=
32
27
27
35 sl
9639 4
9613/9
3129
. -
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page406 of 648


Date
Aireralt Make
40-
2005
identification Mark
N9095C
From
8-127-311 N908JE
) €
=
106154B NACLTE
19
19
7506011669
B-127-200 SIMULATOR
13
14
G-1596
I certify inat the statoments made by me on this form are true.
And DrAcu
PBI
JFK
PBI
TEST
PBI
JFK
MER
McA
NAS
MOW
TEB
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
1254
1n53
36 TEAM SPEAK
38
0300101 SLI
1135 COLLEEN
we nag be
Number
of Landings
V/1
Alrcraft Category...
AIRSLAN GLIDER
LV
LV
LM
AT
LV
VI
1/1
1739
1760
G-M
G-M
GM
BM
Page Total
Total to Data
9/6
2 g
23
3 g
14
25
24
27
24.
20
25
56
35
17
431
96739
19n0
NFIDENTIAL DR_000077
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page407 of 648


Dale
Aircralt Make
-19-0
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mare:
2051
From
113(
24
8-121-314 N905.36
24
G.115-83
G:727-314/1.906.30
'24
011518
=
20000222007"1
3-27-310 N90:56
TFK
G-1395
TIsT
N409 SE TEB
24
PIBL
PBE
15B-72)-200 SPrEE
316-11513
V409.5E
TEB
I certily that the statemonts made by me on this form are true.
+ and Pide
TC13
FBI
14P
TIST
PRE
TEB
MIA
PBI
Miles
Flown
Fight
Rómartes, Procedures,
Endorsements
333
AM, SE, PB, DM
1334/7, NM, >K, PM,08
30-156,0M,08
Number
of Landings
Alrcraft Calagory...
L.V
11.7
3% 20:33 DANKASH
1774JC, AM, NM, VL
1775G, AM, PM. NM, SK
VI
1/1
141
3Y SE AM, AM NM, DIE
ITe JE, AM, SK
re TE, AM,NM
RICK MONUME- INSTRUCTUZ
REY BARZANA -VREDE
19 JE, DB, 5K
LV
36
311
281
1/2
L8
ri
15
26
3EL
11
2.5
26
2.5
20
20
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
10/6
6405
C93.
S0 41
97173
147614
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000078
331219
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page408 of 648


Date
-0-
205
JUC
10
Nicraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
dentiscation Mark
From
N40936
PBE
=
TEST
PBI
=
TEB
20
BKL
JEB
25
28
ALKE
=
PBI
TEB
=
=
=
=
TLES
TEB
TEB
PBL
=
24
TEB
FDK
265
=
=
=
TEB
MVY
TEST
=
PBI
B 727-20 SIMULAR MEA
I certify that the statements made by mo on this form are true.
blindle Cinnatim
Dand Relas
Points of Departure & Arrival
JEB
TEB
TEB
BKL
TEB
PBL
TEB
TAST
TEB
SAF
PBI
TEB
FDK
TEB
MVY
TIST
PBF
MEA
Milos
Fight
Remarks, Procedures,
Flown No.
Maneuvers, Endorsemont:
KITE, AM, DB, NM
IARSE, DB,SK
093 GM, LAN
1794 GM, LAN
15JE, SK, DB, TATIANNA
PAUSE, SK,DB, IATIANNA
174) JE, NM, T K
Niê TE, JK, NM
120424045 MEN MULENSKA,
iB. JE, NM
167 JE, PB
138 -JE, DB
NE JE, DB, SK, DM
160 JE, DB, DM, SK
1811
194 16,08,GM,1M.
Numbor
of Landings
LV
BH 1/1
LV
JM CONO
BH
BH
BH
BH
gory…..
S2ppo2
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000079
BH
LM
Pago Total
Amount Forward
33
1/1
26
24
12/11
20
454
E913
4767 4
16825
crosta les
1|21
12199
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page409 of 648


Date
2005
Sc67
Alcraft Make
and Model
6-727-200
6-1159 B
=
=
Altcraft
dentillcalion Mark
parturo.
Bc.
Arrival
14
24
25
27.
=
=
G-11598
1 certity that the statements made by me on this form are true
Phot's Signalure.
are lodgers
Milea
Flown
Remarka, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
TEA DEZANNA RIDE CARETA
186 JE,AM, NM
LV
117 JE, AM, NM
BH
e JE, AM, SK
BA
189 JE, AM, SK, LARRYSUMmERS
BH
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Catogory...
AIRPLAN GLIDER
20
26
38
1023 JE, NM, SK, PAUL HALODE
LV
1824 JE, NM, SK
1825 JE AM, NM
182, JE, AM, NM
LV
343 7E, AM NA
348 JL, AM, NM
1834 JE, GM, SK, TATIANNA DB LV
less GM
GM
1637 JE, DB, GM, SK, TATIANNA LV
352 7 01 MEN BUREA,
Ambunt Forward
Totai to Date
0/0
25
-
10
17
00
5/4
6915
1430
LuiLL
44
319
372
98129
48500
ONFIDENTIAL DR_000080
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page410 of 648


Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
G-11596
NOCATE
=
B-721-3)H
31
11
6159B
N9015C
=
=
SIMULATOR
From
TOB
TIST
TEB
BED
CYUL
BED
JFK
T2SJ
TAPA
TIST
REB
BEn
DAW
N90LTG
=
TEB
=
=
BCD
=
TIST
BCD
11
TER
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
BED
TIST
BED
TEB
SAF
Paris Sonia. A anxol Procaus
Miles
Flown
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Manouvera, Endorsementa
Number
of Landngs
Aircraft Category...
ARRANE GUrES
Hairson
34
38
184) ALAN DERSHOWLTZ
1842. ALAN DERSHOWIIZ
1943 I%, AM, AD, TASIANNA
3535G, NM, SK
1754
5G, NMISK, TATIANA KOVYLAMA
LV
LV
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000081
5.
35
39
251
20
2/2
h6s2 GM
LV
183G-M, LARRY + LISA SUMMERS LV
JeS4 JE, NM
LV
189, 5,6, 2, m, SK
LV
LV
12
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Unin
1/6
6837
16
45
395
485010
| casale
33124
3/3/12411
u::6209
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page411 of 648


200ь
Aircraft Make
and Model
G-11596
Alrcraft
N909JE
26
31
31
FEB
=
=
16
=
=
22
24
26
MAIC
14
16
23
B-127-200
11
24
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
David lodeers
→US
Points of Departure & Arrival
Matter/Sub-fle
Miles
Fown
Flight
185 MIS
Number
of Landings
Q/a
Aircralt Category...
33
34
38
BH
TEND) HUG?
24
VI
42
00
5/5
6842
Luis
5T
20
502
9890g
99400
ma
L48 9L18
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
2019, 2628230, Page412 of 648


Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircratt
Identification Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
MAR
20
G-1)59 B
N9095E
TEST
TEB
17
25
25
MAY
BH5-407
, t
B-727-3114
N908IE
=
TIST
JFK
BGD
N407 6P
AFW
AGW
20
26
26
29.
JUN
6-727-31H
FTD
N908IE
AFW
JFK
LFPB
BGR
=
JEK
TIST
JFK
ABQ
TIST
=
=
=
JFK
=
TIST
=
JFK
I cerlily that the statements mado by me on this form are true.
David Redgers
TEB
TEST
JFK
BED
TEST
ASW
ASW
AEWA
LFPB
BGR
IFK
TEST
JFK
TEST
JFK
IFK
TIST
IFK
EGGW
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Proceduros,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
ISE EZ, LL, NM,SK
36 34,05,6M, 52, LE, SK
3655/12, 4, NM, SK
368 8, 17,44, NM, 3K
HOLDER OF PILOT CERTIFICATE
MIKE TERRY - INSTRUCTOR
372/56, 0B, GM,NM, SK
37356,053, SK
3745€, OB, SK
315 76,08, 12, LE
37 TENSE SHE NOTE TOWELL,
380 56, IZ, LC, SK, ST
38234, LE, NM, IZ
363 JE, NM, SK, ST
384 JE, NM, SK, ST
385 JE, GM, DB, SK
LV
Number
of Landings
1/1
Em
Alrcraft Category...
ALRPLANE GLIDER
40
36
39
34
HELDERN
...and Class
SEL
HELE
nel
4 0
69
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
LM
BH
Lin
Pace Totel
Amount Forward
Total to Date
37
39
37
37
65
640
10,0040
69
741
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000083 | B
3
33/129 4
331327
65
640
2176 8 776324
21764782724
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page413 of 648


Date
Alroraft Make
and Model
2006
Aircrat
dontication Mark
From
JUL
18.
B-127-311N908JE EGGW
20
LFPB
22
23
G-1159B
N9091€
23
AUG
11
=
Points of Departuro & Arrival
LFPB
JFK
17
19
28
=
22 B-727-31+ N908J6]
=
24G-1159 B
N909JE
TIST
TEB
TIST
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Paots Signature.
Darid Rodefus
TEB
MIA
TEST
VQQ
TIST.
BED
Miles
Flown
Flight
Ramarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
39L JE,GM, SK
387 JESK
1890 JE, SK, JK, JOULIA STARODOU MONIV
•/
1996
JIM WARDEN
1897
GM
1898
GM
TW
1894
GM
JW
Vi
1400 GM, KEVEN MAXWELL LADY ROSEN MONKER
GM, KEVENMAXWEL LAPY ROBEN INUL TUN
1403 GM
1404 GM
398 FATAN SLAMSUER ZENO WEEV
400
1905M A MAKKO LAME CAN LY
196 TE, NARES REREEN ROWD,
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Aircralt Category...
AIRPLANE GLIDER HELTCOPRO
10
..and Class
HEL
LANI
Case
77
-
LS
10
45
CO
513
10,0040
6860461 10,0613
331327
331327
18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page414 of 648


Aircraft Make
and Mode!
Aircraft
Identifcation Mak
Points of Departure & Arrival
Mlles
Flight
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
2006
G-1159 B
N909TE
26
=
NoV
From
BED
TEB
TLST
=
SIMULATOR
13B-727-314
NASTE
20
=
21
25
27 BHT-467
27
DEC
B-727-200
N49IGM
DEW
DFW
ABQ
TIST
EWRe
ABQ
RBI
SIMULATOR
MIA
MIA
10
19
G-11596
=
N9D9JE
EWR
=
TIST
EWR
PBI
B-727-311 N908TE TIST
I certify that the statements mado by me on this form are true.
Pit's Sanaturo
Said Redefus
TEB
TIST
TEB
TIST
TIST
FXE
PBI
MALA
MIA
TLST
EWR
ISP
EWR
Number
Aircraft Category..
of Landings
ARRPLANE GLIDER
VENESSA
HIS TAO MARCINOVS,
BARBARA MOSKOV, LANCE COLLEY BEVA
IN TE, NADER MARASNKOVA
/1
4c Jo, IZ, NM, SK
TO ZAVAIL FAR MAINS
FROM CAV ADE FORMALNI
1941 NAMESHE SARDINOSIVI
1924T512N3SMNRAVA
192) GERALD LEFCOURT
1422 GERALD LEFCOURT
PROLAMA CUUMO
44
4 2
3H
40
40
49
37
43
CONFIDENTIAL PR 000085
M
Fonho
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
5/4
6846)
GaGS
6465
10,061 3
10,204
331327
331337
..and Class
SEL MEL
21768798
21768744
Case 18-2868,
00D0D
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page415 of 648


Date
10-
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mark
2007
TE B-727-311 N908JE
16
16
20
21
1.5
22
27
31
11
FP BHT-407 N491GM
LFP B
EWR
TEsT
11
L$S
12
B-727 3IAN908JE TIST
12.
BED
20
TIST
20
G-1159B
N909JE
ISP
22
EWR
27
11
TIST
21
MAR
EWR
B-721-200
SE MULATOR
MIA
2
MEA
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature.
Daid Peders
avang ener
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
From
EWR
TIST
Miles
Filght
Flown No.
Remarks, Procodures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
Number
of Landings
Alrcraft Catogory...
ARPEAK GUIDER HELIANT
3
3
..and Class
SEL
MEL
419 JENM, SK
4203E, GM, LL, NM, SK
44 36,SX,NM
4225E,SK, NM
423 JC, SX, NM, LL, JLB
424 F%, NOREW FARGUS, I2
42570
CAT bER WE DERBYUK
426 7M
CASTERINE DARBY, JK
1428
143
LARRY VISOSKI
1924
11925
1926
TRILK
SORRRILM
RS HY
LM
RS EM
1RS LM
15฿
GECRAC GENER
30ONFIDENTIAL DR 000086
LV
BH 1/1
B13
-
4
3
4
DIN
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
V2
6865
6465
680-
2467
10,/20
10,10/7
33133
2
2176
co
21768799


Date
Alcraft
Identification Mark
2,007
MAR
16
Aircraft Make
and Model
B-7273UHN90834
20
20
23 6-1159B
N9095E
TE B-72731# N908JE
18
Points of Doparture & Arrival
G-1159 B
N909JE
PBL
3
PBE
PAL
PB I
P BI
PBI
I certily that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Piot's Signature.
Daiel Dodgu
TLST
PHL
EWR
TEST
TEST
EWR
EWR
15
15
17
1B-727-31 H
N908TE
18
11
31
JUN
S-760+ SIMULATOR
From
EWR
TIST
PHL
ISP
EWR
TIST
TLST
EWR
CY XU
EWR
BED
PBI
CYCE
BED
TIST
P.BT
PB I
PBI
PBI
PBL
P BF
PBI
PBI
Miles
Flown
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
No
Mansuvers, Endorsements
433
434
435
1927
436
437
1933
1933 TO PAINI SHOP (CUSTOMS)
1934 TO PARNT SHOP
443
444
USE OF CHECKLIST, IIDS
ASSURANC
ENGINE GAILURE
AUTO ROTATION,
O ETEHING PEDAL TURNS
ENEZME FAILURE BO SECOND POWER, 2 MINU
OWER, FAS HOE AUTO PELOT 3QU
Number
of Lancings
Amount Forward
Total to Date
696G
64 67
Aireralt Category...
AIRPLANE GUVER HELICOPTE
3
5
3
-and Class
SEL
MEL LAMOSAS
35
8
35
30
4
40
15
3
9
39
005+-
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000087
5
2
8
5
5
0
29.9
14170
10200 6
3
21
33 133|
33 I556
299
35
2176879939457
2176880236492
V
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page417 of 648


Date
40-
2,007
5-6-03
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mark
FTD
207UN SK-76C+
STMULATO
В 727- ЗіН
N9085€
23
19 G-1159B
N909J4
8-127-319
N908JE
Points of Departure & Arrival
Miles
Flown
Flight
No.
To
Remaris, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
From
BELLTX
B-uL, TX
PISE
22
22
23
13-727-200
SIMOLOTOR
24
30
G-1159B
N909 5€
31
LI
11
31B-727-314
N9085E
I certity that the statements made by me on this form are true.
CMH
EWR
TIST
CICE
сухи
EWR
EwR
TIST
MIA
MIN
TIST
TEB
MEA
Pilots Signature.
aid lagere
POL
PBE
TIST
CMH
EWR
MIA
EWR
44хи
PTK
EWR
TIST
MIA
MCA
MFA
T&B
MIA
EWR
Number
Aircraft Category...
of Landings
AEROLIME GLENEL
FRDEL TRAINING
FADEL TRASNING
TUEL PODALS FINLO PETER, CABLE FARLUI
EXINE AUTO ROTATIONS CONTENGO LANDENG BREI
SETTENO METH POWER, DUAL SEAND FALLURE,
FENGO PATCH,
PRAXE FALLURE, NO TORL ROTER AUTO ROTE DANS
1450
Ew
451
LV
452
CW.
453
1/
457
1935 CONNERY - BLOW NAX GEAR
1936
LV
LV
LV
V/1
460
462
HAL LEYO
JOL GLEGSEN FE REGURRANT
REY BARZANA - PC
HAL LEYO
SOE GLOGSON
1940
194)
463
BI 1/1
BH
BH
CW
Page Total
Amount Forwerd
6803
Total to Date
16426
4
wand Class
SEL
MEI
HELTLERTER
10
4
Case 18-2868, Document 218,
6
8
CONFIDENTIAL DR 000088
38
2
2
1
38
27
376
10200 G
102382
10 0
33155 6
331656
?
2176 8801
2176 8 801
08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page418 of 648


Date
2,001
AUG
12
13
15
16
16
21
21
27
29
30
30
18
30
OCT
4
12
12.
15
Pilot's Signature.
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
(dentification Mark
BHT-407
N491GM
B-727-31 H
N908JC
6-1359฿
N90954
B-727-311
N908J€
14
14
1.
N909TE
11
1 1
N9083E
N909JG
N9085€
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
TESS
TIST
MIA
EWR
VNT
ABQ
To
TIST
EWR
PBE
VNY
ABQ
MIA
TEST
EWR
TEB
TIST
PBE
TEB
EWR
LFPB
LPAZ
TEST
EWR
BED
Miles
Flignt
Flown No.
465
Remarks, Procedures,
Manouvors, Endorsemants
477
478
N909 JE
s made by me on this form are true.
TEB
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
ARRPLANE GLIDER HELLOPTER
mand Class
SEL
Hared
MEL
LANDEN
3
3
3
S
3
6
5
7
VI
3
17
2
3
3
7
CONFIDENTIAL DR_0000893
4
3
3
6
7
33
5/4
3 П
1
1/1
6979
6881
6478
578
10238|2
162966
3
6
3
33
3165
217688614
5
2176/8/8119251
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/
UM
2019, 2628230,
Page419 of 648


Date
119-
Aircreft Make
and Model
Aircran
Identification Mark
2667
сет
18
G-lIS96
N9095€
25
11
26
6-727-314 N968JE
Nov
G-1159B
N909JE
15
17
17
21
26
per
2
3
11
13
14
14
14
18
18
11
11
11
SIMULATOR
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
To
ВЕр
TEST
ENRERTESTISS
EWR
VQQ
TIST
TEB
TEG
TIST
TAB
TIST
TEST
BED
BED
TEB
TEB
MIST
TIST
TEB
pFW
Miles Flight
Flown
No.
11
N909TE
TEST
TEB
pwM
11
1)
11
BED
TEB
TIST
PBE
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature
and Pages
TEB
1476
1477
19%
1971
1980
1482
1983
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
BRENT 1X0B4. CRE-W
BH
LV
LV
LV
BH
BH
BH
BH
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
-and Class
SE.L
LANDENIS
1/1
1/
1/1
141
5/5
Aircraft Category...
ALRPLANE GLINGR
HELICAPRR
35
3
5 6
MEL
3
3
2
3
4
3
3
3
3
A
3
5
4
3
4
35
CONFIDENTIAL DR 000090
40
3
g
2
2
2
1
2
2
2
8
6886
6483
16296 0
1o3sl
3
3165
3
3165
2176881192514
2176 8 8174 3 514
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/
09/2019, 2628230, Page420 of 648


Date
Aircraft Make
Aircraft
2007
and Model
Identificallon Mark
2
G-1159B
2,00%
N96956
JAN G
11
16
10-727-200
SIMULATER
16
17
18
26 G-11598
FEB
5
N909IE
EWR
TEST
8
14
TEB
12
SAG
13
MIA
15
24
11
TISS
27
TEB
27
11
BED
29
TEB
6-727-31H
N908 JE
VQQ
6-1159B
N9095E TEB
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signalure.
I aid Rodogin
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
TEB
TIST
TEB
MIA
Milee
Flown
Flight
No
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvors, Endorsements
TIST
TEB
TISS
MIA
11
TEB
TER
SAF
MEA
TEB
TEST
TEB
BGD
TEB
TIST
VQQ
BED
1984
1995
1966
BUTCH GRETENED - I HSTRUCTOR
JOE GLEESON CREW
BUTCH GRETCHEN-
BARZONE
BUT BERET EN CREU
199
1193
1994
1995
1996
1497
1998
1999
2600
Rco)
48)
2003
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
AIRPLANK GLIDER HELIUPTI
3
and Class
SEL
MEL
3
LV
LV
1/1
LV
BH
BH
LV
BH
BH
BH
LV
LV
LV
1/1
1/
BH
9
2
2
5
4 QONFIDENTIAL DR_000091
31
24
4
Pago Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
3/г
688-
,48E
6889
6485
5
6
8
49/3
10351|1
10400 4
33165
33|65
49
217688174
217688223


Date
49-
2008
Aircraf. Make
and Model
Aircraft
G. 1159B
N909JE
16
2]
2
24
25
25
26
26
28
B-727-31K
6. 1159B
11
N90BJE
N909JE
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
TEB
ACY
TEB
LCQ
EWR
1)
5-76
5-76
N908GM
N908GM
11
G-1159B
INqO95E
18
22
15
1F
From
BED
TEB
ACY
VQQ
TIST
EWR
SSL
TIST.
MOS
RVE
HYO
DAB
TEB
TIST
TIST
TEB
EINN
LFPB
LLBG
Icertly that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signatura
David Rodger
Miles
Flown
Flight
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
2/84
2006
2oce
1481
20i0
2011
2012
2013
V1
V/
4/3
6893
6489
2
2
4
CONFIDENTIAL
RR_000092
Ч
4
201Ч
2016
2617
2018
2019
220
202)
BH
BH
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
BH
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Alrcraft Category..
ALRPLANE GLIDGA HELZLOFTER
7
mand Class
SEL
MEL
V/1
Case 18-2868, Document 218,
3
3
1
39
5
10400
4
16439
9
7
5
33
:165
33
173 4
2176882
2176882
08/09/20.19, 2628230, Page422 of 648


Date
10-
2 Doe
APR
25
29
29
may
22
23
26
27
29
29
31
JUN
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identificallon Mark
G-1159B
N9O9JE
11
11
BHT-467
"1
N491GM
G-1159B
B-727-311
G-1159B
B-727-31H
6-1159 B
N9O9JE
N908JE
N909IC
N908JE
N909JE
11
JUL B-727-311
AUG
13-727-200
G-1159B
INTOBJE
SIMULATÓR
N909TE
2)
2c
22
22
carify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Sicneture
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
LGIR
LFPB
CYJT
TIST
TEB
LSJ
LSS
TIST
PBL
JEB
LCQ
TIST
PDK
VQQ
MIA
PBI
To
LFPB
CYTT
TEB
TEB
TIST
TIST
LSS
TEB
L'CQ
MIV
VQQ
PPK
TEB
PBI
MIA
PBI
Miles
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Flown
No.
Maneuvors, Endorsements
SEF
SEF
PBI
2022
2003
12624
20E
2629
2030
483
2631
484
26341
2633)
BH
1485
TAY MARZAN- FETC
HAL
LOKO-CROW, BUTCH GRETCHEN LAW
2045
2044
20457
204b
LV
LV
LV
LV
3/3
Page Total
Amount Fonvard
Total to Date
9/9
16ga3
698g
1902
16496
Number
Aircraft Category...
of Landings
AIRPLANE GLIDER
34
58
2
.5
4
5
3
3
1
9
20
HALTLDYER
GONFIPENTIAL DR_000093
36
264399
10476 8
4
33173
3
3173
and Class
SEL
MEL
3
S
4
4
3
3
8
9
19
19
2
1
trainta
369
2176/8 82631
217688300K
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page423 of 648


Date
40.-
2,008
2 2g
JANS
6
Alrcraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Icientication Mark
6-727-3117
G-1I59B
N908JE
SEMULATOR
B-727-200
1/
4
28
MAR
7
MAY
11
B-727-31H
G-1159B
i/
8-727-311
G-1159 B
N908JE
N909JE
11
N908JE
N9095E
LCQ
PBE
MANN
PBE
Jo
13
Sap
25
25
B-727-200 SIMULATUL
PBI
MEA
NoV
30
1B-727-314 N9085E
G-1159B
N909JE
PBI
PBI
6
PBI
TEB
I cerlily that the statements made by me on this form are frue.
-Daid Lodges
Points of Departure & Arrival
Flight
Flown
Remarks, Procodures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
PBI
PFW
LCQ
pFw
MIA
MIA
TPBL
MINN
PBI
PBI
PBI
PBI
MIA
VQQ
TEB
PBI
486
STALLSSTEEP TURNS,ALROLEN APPROACH
MISSO APPROACH,
-I CUT, HOT BIGGO HOPEN
SE IL
HAL LETO • INSTRUCTER
FE PE-RAY MARZAND
HAL LEXE
CAPTAIN WARMUP
HAL LEND INSTRUGTUR
EX
LV
2 M
LM
LU
1487
2048
2049
483,
2650
205
489
2052
2051
2554
LV
LV
LM
LV
LV
LV
LM
EM
LV
LV
LV
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
2/2
496
6904
16498
Aircraft Category...
AIRPLANE GLIDER HELICPTER
_and Class
SEL
MGL
3
5
16
17
QONFIDENTIAL DR_000094
9
7
2
2
5
25
28
104768
105049
33173
33173
2.
2
28
2176 8 8300
2176883281
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page424 of 648


Date
2010
JAN
12
13
15
15.
FEB
-L
2
2
2
5
Aircraft Maka
and Model
G-1159B
Aircraft
Identification Mark
N909JE
Points of Departure & Arrivat
From
To
PBI
1/
11
TEB
PBI
TEST
PBI
TEB
BED
IL
TEB
Вст
11
TIST
10
11
16
16
18
19
23
24
27
G-1159A
SEMULATOR DEW
DEW
G-1159B
H
N9095E
PBI
TIST
PBI
TEB
PRI
TEB
B-723-31H N908JE
VQQ
I certify that the statsmonts made by me on this form are true.
Mlles
Fiown
Flight
No.
Pilot's Signatur
2665
2066
2667
2068
2669
2070
1490
Remarke, Proceduras,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
HOLAÇNE PATTERNS
HOLDPAL
Page Total
Amourt Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
9
2
2
2
4
9
23
COWFIDENTIAL DR_000095
2
2
...and Class
SEL
141
4/4
16904
,49g
.аба
6502
10
46,3
10504 9
1105512
3
3173
33173 8
2.176
2176 8
Case 18-2868, Document 278, '
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page425 of 648


Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircral
dentification Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
Miles
Flown
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
2010
MAR
G-1159B
N909VE
11
15
15
22
1 1
B-727-200 SPHULATOR
PBI
TEB
BCT
TIST
MIA
TEB
BCT
TEST
PBI
MIA
2571
2672
2073
2074
LV
LV
LV
LV
G- 1159
NS3OGA
N909JE
29
29
APR
11
=
PBI
PBI
TEB
PBE
TIST
=
=
=
TEB
PBI
19
20
29
30
MAY
=
=
=
BED
TEB
PBS.L
TEB
6-727-200 SIMULATE MIA
I certity that the statomente made by me on this form are true.
Pilots Signature.
FE RECURRENT
CAPT RECHARAN ER BALLAND
JOHN ROBERIS
2075
2076
2671
2078
2079
2080
208)
2082
2083
204
2565
BELL HAMONO CHECKRIDE
Pago Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landngs
1/L
Aircraft Category...
ADRPLANE GLINGR HELMOPER
24
30
23
29
15
15
2/4
25
2,6
2.3CONFIDENTIAL DR_000096
24
27
26
26
25
44 L
1655|2
10595
B 173
3173
2176
2176
..and Class
SEL
MEL
24
IAN.
441
8 83144
8 84185
18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019,
2628230, Page426 of 648


Dato
10-
2010
Aircraft Make
and Mode!
Aircraft
Identification Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
B-727-31H
G-1159B
13
13
20
21
31
31
JUN
N908JE
N909JE
PBT
PBI
TIST
1 /
-
=
PBI
TEB
PBI
-
TIST
PBI
TEB
PBI
TIST
10
=
PBT
TEB
=
17
18
29 8-727-200
JUL
G-11598
PBI
TEB
SIMULATOR.
N9095€
MIA
PBI
TIST
15
PBI
1 cortily that the statements mado by mo on this form are true.
Plict's Signature.
no sean D aird Rodgers
PBI
TIST
PBI
TEB
PBL
TEST
TEB
PBI
TIST
PBI
TEB
PBI
TEB
PBI
MIA
TIST
PBE
TIST
Miles
Flight:
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Manouvors, Endorsements
Jumber
of Landinge
Aircraft Category...
AIRPLANE GLIDER HELLOPE
15
..and Claes
SEL
ME
Case 18-2868,
CQNFIDENTIAL DR 000097
25
25
2099
21074
2103
2106
1/1
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Dato
69
6519
16640 8
00
2176
21768
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page427 of 648


Date
4-1
2010
3UL
16
20
25
AUG
2
2
25
25
30
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
identification Mark
From
1G1159B N909JE
TIST
BCT
12
12
19
21
26
27
29
ocT
16
19
19
11
14
11
11
11
1.1
11
Points of Departure & Arrival
To
BCT
TEB
LFPB
CYQX
TEB
PHX
ABO
TEB
TIST
1 BED
TEB
TIST
TEB
EGGP
EGGW
EGGW
LRB
EGGW
BGR
LFP B
EGGW
BGR
TEB
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are truo.
Plat's Signatire.
and lodgere
Miles
Flown
Fight
No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
2107
2108
2109
2110
2119
2116
211
2)16
2119
2120
212)
2124 DIVERTED TO ALTGANAKE
LV
2125
2126
LV
LV
2127 EVER TED TO ELOW BGEORG
CENTRENG TRACKS SHACKE OVNIL V
2128 EMPTY
2129 EMPTY
LV
LV
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
ALROLANE GLIDER
26
2
HGLICOPTER
...and Class
SEL
HELZCOPy
LANDS NES
MaL
26
24
72
57
2
4
8
CON
ENTIAL
V/1
1/1
1
3
6
1
2
8
86
4
618
6923
. 16646 8
6525
1
331138
331138
8
8
4
618
2176884640
511
217688525 8 517
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page428 of 648


Aircraft Make
and Model
G-11598
B-727-314
G-1159 B
=
G-1159A
Aircraft
Identilication Mark
From
N909JE TEB
PBI
TIST
=
EWR
CPS
=
TEB
ABQ
TEB
" 1
TIST
TEB
TIST
PBI
SIMULATOR
DFW
Points of Departuro & Arrival
Miles
Flown
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Manouvars, Endorsemonts
TIST
PBI
EWR
COS
TEB
ABQ
TEB
TIST
TaB
TAST
PBI
TEB
DEW
253002223.
E
HOLDING
HOLOING
LV
EX.
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
Number
Aircraft Category...
of Landings
1/1
3/3
11
G-11598.
N9095€
TEB
G-11595.
N530GA
PBE
N909JE TEB
Pilot'e Signatura
Said Rodghs
TEST
TEB
BED
2Jч/
JOHN ROBERTS
2143
LV
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
V1
3/3
V/I
15/10
6525
154 1n54
CONFIDENTIAL
..and Class
SEL
MEL LANDEN
35.
1 h
36
22
20
40
37.
38
37
24
20
20
20
35
24
S23
85258
331738
331738
2176
2176
Case 18-2868, Document 278
08/09/2019
), 2628230, Page429 of 648


2011
16
18
19
19
19.
20
20
26.
MART
26
Aircraft Make
and Model
G-11596
5-76C++
=
=
=
=
=
=
Aircraft
Identification Mark
N909JE
N722JE
=
=
=
N9095E
From
rture
Arrival
PBI
TIST
TISK
LSJ
TEST
LSS
TIST
TEB
ABQ
LGB
ABQ
CPS
TEB
TIST
MOPL
TEST
MDPC
TEST
Miles
Flown
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Manouvors, Endorsements
2147
2145
LV
Number
Alrcraft Cafegory...
of Landings
AIRPLANE GLIDER HELLARZE
27
2.4
..and Class
SEL MEL
N
LV
LV
LV
300272337
28
MOPL
I certily that the statements rade by me on this form are true.
Pilots Signature
David Rodges
Pago Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
LV V/1
LV 1/1
6/5
69441
153E
6540
1 CONFIDENTIAL DR 000100
16
22
18
00050
286
10754 9
10783 $
42
-
N-N
2/76 8 8578
2176 8 8606
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page430 of 648


Airoraft Mako
and Model
2011
MER G-1159B
30 576C++
Aircraft
dontification Mark:
Points of Departuro & Arrival
30
APR
13
B-727-200
From
N909JE
TIST
N722JE
TEB
4N1
TEB
SFB
SEMULAT
13
TEB
4N1
TEB
POU
SFB
11
14
14
26 B-727-311 N9085E
PBI
BOK
30 G-1159B
N909TE TEST
TEB
MpP
TEG
LFPB
16
LFPB
Good
20
GOSY
GVAC
20
GUAL
22
TIST
TIST
TEB
JUN
BWT-457
N49IGM
PBI-{45- PBE
PBI - LNA-PBE
26
G-11S9B
30
N909JE
TIST
TGB
TEB
PBE
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature.
said lodge.
Miles
Flight
Remarks, Procedures,
Flown No.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
2157
TWA CONSTELL ATSON TURNGO
ENTE A RESTAURANS GARGUSTRA
GEORGE RENSSRA
LV
DICK GAZDA - INSTROYOR
Ponste
BE 60-20 ALL BOREY CROW
SALL MANGO CREW PERRY CREN
SAME ASABOVE EE CHECK
LV
JIM POWELL
2154
LV
2,160
LV
216)
2/62
2163
2.164
3
LV
RANDY BOWLES - EXAMINER
2166
12167
Number
of Landinge
Alrcraft Catogory-..
ALAPLANE GLIDER HELICON YE
411
»and Class
SEL
12
MEL
4.1
1/1
V1
CONFIDENTIAL DR 000101
J
-
41
-
Pago Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
5 ц
6950
48.9
6540
10783 5
1544 108324
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019,
2628230, Page431 of 648


Dato
2011
JUL
Aircrait Make
and Model
Aircraft
deniification Mark
G-1159 G
N9095€
=
14
15
17
19
20
25
25
26
26
28
28
=
SIMULATOR
=
G-1159B
N909JE
TEB
PBI
B-727-314 N908JE
3L
31
BHT-407
BQK.
N49|GM TEST
LST
G-1159 B
N909TE
SWE
13
TEB
I cortify that the ctatements made by mo on thie form are true.
Pilot's Signaturo.
Saidlodges
Points of Departure & Arrival
From
Miles
Flight
Rown
2168
2164
2170
2171
2172
2173
2174
R175
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
Aircrall Category...
2/4
39
FG WARMUP
2.0
20
10
10
PBI
PBI
PBI
LSJ
LST
TIST
TAST
SSAT ONJUAPSEAY
494
2,80
2182
LV
LV
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
9/8
6964
65s2
39
38
40 4
108324
10812/8
...and Class
HELICOPTe
INEL LANDINGS
24
NINA-N-W
CONFIDENTIAL DR 000102
10
-
-
-
180
• +=
5100
404
536
21768
86960 545
1182
Case 18-2868, Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page432 of 648


Date
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
identification Mark
Polnts of Departure & Arrival
NOV
21
25
B-121-20 SIMULATOR
From
MIA
MIA
B-727-311 N9085€
13
11
2012
JAN 8 C
G-1159B
16
17
18
18
23 BHT-407
24/G-1159B
126-1159A
PBI
PBI
PBI
PBI
PBI
VQQ
N909 JE
TEB
MHS
MHT
LFPB
=
LFPB
GMMX
GMMX DIAP.
DIAP
GVAC
GVAC
TIST
N49IGM
N9095E
SIMULATOR
LSJ
TEST
TIST
DFW.
PBI
DEW
MAR
B-127-314
=
N908 SE
=
=
=
VQQ
VQQ
PBE
JFK
VQQ
PBS.
JFK
LFPB
I certify that the statements made by mo on this form are true
Plots Signalure.
Miles
Fligh:
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures.
Maneuvers, Endorsements
REDG PARS 125 LV
CAPTAIN
LM
495
REY BALLAND
HOLDING
RUSM TEST FLIGHS
496
LM
LV
LM
497 MAINTGNANCE
2193
LV
2194
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
suggenesul
Number
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
HARPLANE GLEDGE
10
20
16
HELZCOPER
..and Class
SEL MEL
10
2.0
16
11
LANDLADS
3b
42
CONFIDENTIAL DR_009103
29
30
12199
4148
49B
499
500
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
3/4
6552
6467
6556
3 0
4 2
3/6
29
3 0
20
24
75
1109728
10923 5
33
L180
33
21 76 8 8658 0 545
2176887467546
60
Case 18-2868, Document 278
, 2628230, Page433 ot 648


Arcraf: Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mark
Points of Departure & Arrival
2012
MAR
B-727-31+
N908JE
18
30
MAR
G-11596
N909JE
B-127-200 SIMULATOR
From
LFPB
TEB
MIA
EGHL
TIST
MIA
6-1159 B
JUL
20
21.
=
N909JE
TIST
PBI
PBI
TEB
=
=
ITIST
TIST
TEB
=
=
=
PBY
30
30
AUG
*5.
LNW
=
ABQ
SFo
=
=
ABQ
18
22
22
26
TEB
IAD
IPBE
=
TIST
=
TEB
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilot's Signature.
Daird lodger
Mies
Flight
Ramarks, Procedures,
Flown
Maneuvers, Endorsements
LASHAM
SOl MAINT
12207
HARRY BROWN -GXAMSNGA
sullensat
Number
of Landings
1/1
Aircraft Category...
AIRYLAN GLIDER HALICOPTER
-
LV
LV
LV
-
-
...and Class
SEL
HeLe
MEL
LANORA
10
40
40
27
25
35
CONFIDENTIAL DR_000104 2 4
2/4
2/3
2/1
N
LV
LV
Page Total
Amount Forward 6967
Total to Date
V/
149
6978
65G5
493
10923 5
109728
33180/6
33
180
2176 887467
VI
2176 8 87960≤
, 2628230, Page434 of 648


Date
2012
SGP
13
18
19
28
OcT
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mark
From
G-1159B
N909JE
TEB
=
ABQ
=
11
ONT
TEB
=
=
PBI
24
6-7310
TIST
N908JE
EGHL
28 6-1159B
N909JE
TEB
NOV
12
6-127-200
12
5F MOLATOR
MID
20
G-1)59B
N9D9TE
TEB
25
=
PBE
26
Doc
11
MADW
B-727-314
N9085E
EGSS
14
EGSS
JFK
2.013
SAN\O
TIST.
17 G-11596
N909JE
TEB
21
11
PBE
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilots Signature
Daid lodges
Points of Departure & Arrival
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Remarks, Procedures,
Maneuvers, Endorsoments
Number
of Landings
ABQ
ONT
TEB
PBI
TIST
TEB
EGSS
TEsS
MIA
PBI
MOW
TEB
EGSS
JFK
TIST
PBI
PBI
TEB
Aircraft-Category...
AIRPLANE GLIDER
4.1
HELZCOPTER
2225
LV
2226
LV
141.
2221
LV
2228
LV
V1
2229
2230
LV.
LASHAM TO STANSTEA
LV |1/
502
LV
JEM GARTEHOSNE
223)
LV
FEPC MARCELLO MARIN
1/1
LV
25
26
3 7
22351
223L
2237
563
564
505
1506
2239
2240
LV
LV
LV
EX
{*
LV
CH
39
20
CONFIDENTIAL DR 000105-
28
16
1/1
82
LV
Page Total
Amcunt Forward
Total to Dato
6/4
B365
16564
28
29
27.
55 g
10912 8
11028 6
331806
331806
wand Class
SEL
MEL
N
VINC
21768879
21768885
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019,
2628230, Page435 of 648


2,013
13
j4
18
22
24
26
MAR
21
Aircraft Make
and Mode!
Aircraf
Identification Mark
B-727-31H N9083E
G-1159 A
•SIMULATOR
G-11596
N909JE
=
=
=
=
=
=
29
30
MAr
12
=
=
=
I certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Points of Departure & Arrival
Miles
Flight Remarks, Procedures,
Manauvors, Endorsements
From
PBI
DFW
S07
RSCKY GREAVES - CNSTRUCTONL
HOLORAL
SONGS ABOVE
HOLDING
2245
330792879322113
Namber
of Landings
Aircraft Category...
-and Class
FERNANDEZ
3323323333333232
3/3
1/1
Page Tolai
Amount Forward
Total to Date
PRote Signature_
200000000000020
11028 6
110860
HELICOPER
SEL
3 3
180|
180 6
2176
2176.
0300
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019
), 2628230, Page436 of 648


Date
44
2013
15.
22
24
24
JUN
3
6
15
Aircraft Make
and Model
Aircraft
Identification Mark
Points of Doparturo & Arrival
From
To
G-1159B
"
N9095E
V1
24
17
19
19
25
26
AUG
3
7
11
1)
11
11
TEB
ABQ
LAS
ABQ
ASG
1 certify that the statements made by me on this form are true.
Pilol's Signature
DandRodgas
Miles
Flight
Flown No.
Romarks, Proceduros,
Maneuvers, Endorsements
Number
of Landings
LV
DARREN
ROTHELL
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
LV
OLMAURO
LV
LV
LV
LV
BILLY
DIMAURO
BD
BD
BD
Page Total
Amount Forward
Total to Date
Alecraft Category...
AZRPLAN GUIDGR
- 5
3
6
8
3
9
7
w.and Class
SEL
IMEL
3 QONFIDENTIAL DR |000107
26
25
4
3
14
22
58/4
110860
1144 4
331806
331806
2.
-- N
5t
2176 $ 890
21768896
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page437 of 648


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 438 of 648
EXHIBIT CC


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page439 of 648
Confidential
Page 1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
CASE NO. 15-CV-07433-RWS
- X
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE,
Plaintiff,
V -
GHISLAINE
: MAXWELL,
Defendant.
---
- X
June 3, 2016
9:07 a.m.
CONFIDENTIAL
Deposition of DAVID RODGERS, pursuant
offices
notices Boies
taken by Plaintiff, at the
Schiller & Flexner, 401
Las Olas Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Florida,
‹elli Ann Willis,
a Registered
professional Reporter, Certified Realtime
Reporter and Notary Public within and
for
the State of Florida.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page440 of 648
Confidential
Page 2
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
APPEARANCES:
BOIES SCHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP
Attorneys for Plaintiff
401 East Las Olas Boulevard
Fort Lauderdale, Florida
*Plaintiolas Boulevard 33301
BY :
BRADLEY EDWARDS, ESP.
HADDON MORGAN & FOREMAN, P.C.
Attorneys for Defendant
150 East 10th Avenue
Denver,
BY:
Colorado
80203
JEFFREY PAGLIUCA, ESQ.
ALSO PRESENT: Sandy Perkins, Paralegal
Boies Schiller & Flexner
Ryan Kick, Videographer
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page441 of 648
Confidential
Page 3
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
INDEX
Examination by Mr. Edwards
Examination
.......
by
Mr. Pagliuca
........
Further Examination by Mr. Edwards
.....
5
209
217
EXHIB TS
Deposition Exhibit 1
Flight logs
Deposition Exhibit 2
Photo
Deposition Exhibit 3
Photo
Deposition Exhibit 4
Photo
Deposition Exhibit 5
Photo
Deposition Exhibit 6
Photo
Deposition Exhibit 7
Photo
Deposition Exhibit 8
Confidential list
Deposition
Equus
Exhibit 9
Global
Aviation
......
.....
6
77
...
.......
..... ..
84
.....
...
85
86
87
88
203
.......
offering
216
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page442 of 648
Confidential
Page 6
1
DAVID RODGERS
2
A. Yes.
3
Can you -- can you tell me -- I have been
4
provided by your attorney a -- what has been
5
represented to
be a copy, a direct copy of that
logbook.
And I'm going to mark this as
7
Plaintiff's 1. I just want you to confirm that this
8
is an accurate copy of the original logbook that you
9 brought to your deposition today.
10
A.
Yes.
11
MR. REINHART: Let him show it to you.
12
BY MR. EDWARDS:
13
Q.
There you go.
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
(The referred-to document was marked by
the court reporter for Identification as
Deposition Exhibit 1.)
MR. REINHART: It is not a copy of the
entire book. It is the time period that was
covered by the subpoena. I just want to make
clear
the book covers the time period outside
21
22
23
24
25
the subpoena.
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. I will let him
clarify that, of course, too.
THE WITNESS: Yes. It is logbook. It is
not 40 years, but it is my logbook.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page443 of 648
Confidential
Page 7
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q.
Okay.
You can keep this -- that down
there --
A.
Okay •
-- so we can keep track of the exhibits.
A.
Okay.
Q.
So does the copy that you just went
through, is that an exact copy of the original
logbook from the November 1995 date through, it
looks like, September 2013? That period of time?
A.
Yes.
Q.
Okay.
And what is this book? What do you
call the book?
A.
It is called the standard pilot master
log.
Q.
All right. And who made the various
entries in the book?
A.
l.
I did.
When did you make --
MR. PAGLIUCA: Brad, can you hang on for
one second.
MR. EDWARDS: Sure.
MR. PAGLIUCA: You said September 2013,
I
thought.
MAGNA®
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page444 of 648
Confidential
Page 8
1
2
3
4
5
6
8
9
10
DAVID RODGERS
MR. EDWARDS: That is what I have on the
last page.
MR. PAGLIUCA: My last page is 2008 on
this copy, 093 Bates label.
MR. REINHART: There's 108 pages to the
exhibit.
MR. PAGLIUCA: I'm missing the last 8
pages. That is why.
MS. PERKINS: Do you want the last copy?
What is your last page?
MR. PAGLIUCA: Ninety-three is my last
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
page.
That is why I only go through '08.
MS. PERKINS: So I will give you my '94 to
the end. That should give you a complete.
Oh,
you're looking -- which one are you looking at,
the new one or the old one?
MR. EDWARDS: The one through '08.
MR. PAGLIUCA: Okay.
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. Are you ready, Jeff?
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes.
BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q.
When did you
make each individual entry?
A.
It could have
been on
that date that it
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page445 of 648
Confidential
Page 9
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
says. It could have been possibly a later date.
Most likely, fairly close to that date.
Q.
Okay. How did you make sure that the log
entries that you were creating were accurate?
A.
Well, people get on the airplane and I see
who the people are, and I put them down there.
Q.
Okay.
So you are making the notation at
or around the time that you are making this
observation -- the observations?
A.
Correct.
Q.
in your logbook?
And you are recording the data accurately
A.
Q.
As accurately as I can.
Okay.
A.
Yes.
Q.
Can we just look at the first page of the
exhibit?
A.
Q.
Uh-huh.
And if you could
walk me through, let's
just take the first line.
A.
Uh-huh.
Q.
In
the top left corner, there is a date.
A.
Correct.
Q.
And it
says, "NOV '95."
Is that you
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page446 of 648
Confidential
Page 10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
indicating
• that this is November 1995?
A .
Yes
Q.
Okay.
And the first line under that in
the date column
says
17. Is that November 17th,
1995?
A.
Yes.
Q.
Is that a notation that you would have
made on November 17th, 1995?
A.
Yes.
Q. And the next column over under "aircraft
make and model," there is a number there. What is
that number?
A.
It's a G-1159B.
That's the model of aircraft we're flying.
It is Gulfstream, II-B aircraft.
Q.
Okay.
And then the next column over,
aircraft identification mark?
A. It is the registration number of the
aircraft.
Q. And what is the registration number?
What
does that mean?
A.
The number that is on the side of every
aircraft to identify what country it is from and
what particular airplane it is in that country.
The
N means
United States.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page447 of 648
Confidential
Page 11
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
And is that number unique to the aircraft?
Q.
A.
Yes.
Q.
So there is no other aircraft at the same
time bearing
the identification number in N908JE?
A.
That's correct.
l. Who picks the identification number?
I
understand N means United States.
A. Right.
Q. Who picks the 908JE?
A. It depends -- some aircraft, I mean, when
you get them, they already have the number on there,
and so that would be one way. Sometimes the
manufacturer puts them on there.
You can also request a certain number, if
you so chose to do so.
Okay. The particular air -- these
particular
logs were produced in a -- as a
consequence of a subpoena issued in the case of
Virginia Roberts Giuffre versus Ghislaine Maxwell.
A.
Uh-huh.
Q.
Is that your understanding?
A.
Yes.
Q.
And the period of time that we were
produced -- I understand you have flown for 40
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page448 of 648
Confidential
Page 12
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
years.
The period of time -- or that is evidenced
by this logbook is '95 through 2013.
Why was it that period of time that was
chosen?
A.
Because that is what the subpoena
requested.
Q.
Okay.
Jeffrey Epstein?
A.
No.
Is that when you started flying for
Q.
When did you start flying for Jeffrey
Epstein?
A.
July of 1991.
Q.
Okay. Do you have available today the
entries going back as far as July 1991?
A.
I don't know.
I have to look and see.
Q.
Okay.
A.
No.
Because this is from 7/28 of '94.
So that particular logbook begins
Okay.
July 28th, 1994?
A.
Yes.
Q.
And were you privately
• flying for Jeffrey
Epstein on November 17th, 1995?
A.
Yes.
Q.
And is that Gulfstream that you described
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page449 of 648
Confidential
Page 13
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
a Jeffrey Epstein owned or controlled airplane?
A.
It was -- let me think.
This was 908 Juliet, Echo -- I believe it
was owned by Hyperion Air, Inc., I believe.
Q.
And is Hyperion Air, to your
understanding, a company associated with Jeffrey
Epstein?
A.
As far as I know. I mean, I would assume
so, but --
Q.
Was Jeffrey Epstein your primary
passenger - -
A.
Q.
A.
Yes.
-- on that airplane?
Yes.
Q. And who was the individual that gave you
direction as to what passengers to let on and off
the airplane and where to fly, et cetera?
A.
Well, Jeffrey was usually -- I mean,
almost
always
, on the airplane, unless we were going
to
maintenance.
And so when he got there, he would
have the people with him.
Q.
Okay.
So going back to the aircraft
identification
mark, 908JE, does the JE signify the
initials of Jeffrey Epstein?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page450 of 648
Confidential
Page 14
1
2
3
4
5
DAVID RODGERS
A.
I would assume so.
l.
A.
Okay.
But technically they are actually the
phonetic
letters that we use. But technically it is
Juliet
echo; it is not Jeffrey Epstein. As far as
radio phraseology, we don't answer Jeffrey Epstein;
we answer Juliet.
Q.
Okay. But the JE doesn't signify some
10 jurisdictional code?
A. No.
7
8
9
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
It is -- it is chosen by the owner of the
aircraft?
A.
Right. Right.
So as his pilot and as Jeffrey Epstein
being the main passenger, you have presumed that JE
signifies his initials?
A.
I would assume so.
Q.
In fact, we will get to it later down the
road, but the -- the other plane also bears
the
ending initials JE; is that right?
A.
Yes.
And this N number that's on this airplane
was eventually switched to another airplane.
Q.
To
the Boeing?
MAGNA®
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page451 of 648
Confidential
Page 15
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
A.
To the Boeing, correct.
Q.
Okay.
So if we go back to this first entry, the
next column
says, "From
: CMH. "
A.
Yes.
And what is that?
A.
Columbus, Ohio.
That is an airport code?
Q.
A.
Airport identifier.
Q.
And, again, that airport code is unique to
a particular airport?
A.
Correct.
Q.
A.
The next is "To PBI"?
Yes.
Q.
A.
Where is that?
West Palm Beach.
Q.
"Miles Flown."
And flight number? The next column says
A.
Right.
Q.
That is not something that you log.
A.
I don't.
Q.
You kept pretty meticulous logs.
So the next column is flight log
- - or
flight number?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page452 of 648
Confidential
Page 99
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
Q.
Okay.
A.
But I'm not even sure we still had it at
this point in time.
Q.
Yeah.
It shows up on the next page.
We
will get there.
A.
Does it?
Okay.
So then, yes, the answer is, yeah, we
still had the airplane. But we wouldn't have used
that.
Q.
So is there any way of telling how Jeffrey
Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, Adam Perry Lang, and
Virginia were in the Virgin Islands on that, from
December 14th, 2000 --
MR. PAGLIUCA: Object to foundation.
BY MR. EDWARDS:
-- based on your knowledge or your logs or
anything else?
A. No, I wouldn't have any way of knowing.
Q.
Okay.
A.
Because the next flight that they are on
was
like this Palm Beach one, January 16th. So I
wouldn't have any idea.
Q.
Okay.
To your knowledge, did Jeffrey
Epstein ever
fly commercially?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page453 of 648
Confidential
Page 100
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
A.
He probably has. Back then at this time,
I'm going to say probably not. But I know that he
has flown
commercially. But usually that would be
like going
to Europe, maybe.
Q.
Okay.
January 16th through the 25th,
those flights,
do you see that block that I'm
talking about?
A. Yes.
Q. Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, Emmy
Tayler, and then at times Shelly Lewis, do you see
that?
A.
Yes, right.
Q. The 25th it lands in Teterboro. And the
next day, on the 26th, leaves out of Teterboro with
Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, Emmy Tayler, and
Virginia Roberts. This time you wrote the whole
name.
A.
Right. Right.
So when you write the full name, does that
signify -- that's when you may have learned her last
name?
A.
Q.
Correct.
to New
And do you know how she -- how she got up
Jersey or New York?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page454 of 648
Confidential
Page 103
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
DAVID RODGERS
Boeing?
A.
Yes •
Q.
The Boeing, was that previously owned by
The Limited or Les Wexner?
A.
I'm not sure of the company name,
officially.
l.
A.
But probably, yes.
Some association with him?
Some association, yes.
Q.
Do you know who flew the Gulfstream while
you were doing the simulator?
A .
Well, it would have been Larry Visoski,
I'm not sure who the first officer was.
Q.
Do you know
if any logs were kept of the
passengers'
names?
A.
While I was at school?
Q.
Right, while you were at school.
A. There probably were logs, but I don't know
where they are.
Q.
Have you ever spoken with Larry about
whether he kept names of passengers?
A.
I don't think he does.
Q.
Do you know where Larry Visoski flew the
24
Gulfstream
for the month that you
25
A.
No.
were --
MAGNA®
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page455 of 648
Confidential
Page 107
1
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
different, because one day is the 5th; one day is
the 6th. But we landed there like at 11:50 at
night. And then when
we took off, it was, you know,
the next day.
Q.
Okay. Got it.
And then where do you go the next day?
A.
We went from Stephenville to
9 Paris-Le Bourget.
Q.
And who were the passengers going to
Paris?
A.
Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, Emmy
Tayler, and Virginia Roberts.
Q.
And then what's the next flight?
A.
On the 8th, from Paris to -- I believe
that is in Spain.
Q.
A.
Granada, Spain?
Granada, Spain. Correct.
Okay.
And who are the passengers on that
trip?
A.
Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, Emmy
Tayler,
Virginia Roberts, Alberto and Linda Pinto,
one female, and Ricardo, it looks like Orieta.
Q.
And then what's the next flight?
A.
From there to Tangiers. From Granada to
MAGNA®
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page456 of 648
Confidential
Page 219
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
DAVID RODGERS
CERTIFICATE OF OATH
)
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF MIAMI - DADE
I, the undersigned authority, certify
that DAVID
RODGERS personally appeared before
me and was duly sworn.
WITNESS my hand and official seal
this 8th
day of June,
2016.
Kelli Ann Willis, RPR, CRR
Notary Public, State of Florida
Commission
FF928291, Expires
2- 16-20
+++++++++++++++++
CERTIFICATE
STATE
OF
FLORIDA
COUNTY OF MIAMI-DADE )
I,
Kelli Ann Willis, Registered
Professional Reporter and Certified Realtime
Reporter
do hereby certify that
I was
authorized to and
did stenographically report the
foregoing
deposition of DAVID RODGERS; that a
review of
the transcript was not requested; and
that
the
transcript is
a true record of my
stenographic notes.
I FURTHER CERTIFY that I am not
relative,
of
employee, attorney, or counsel of
any
the parties,
nor am
I a relative or employee of
any of
the parties'
with
the
attorney or
counsel connected
in
action, nor am I financially interested
the action.
Dated this 8th day of June, 2016.
KELLI ANN WILLIS, RPR, CRR
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page457 of 648
EXHIBIT DD
INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page458 of 648
EXHIBIT EE


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page459 of 648
Date:
Time:
4/25/16
8:51:56
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
Citation Tracking Report
Page:
1
Program:
CMS307L
Case Number
•: 1-02-009702
Issued By
KLOEPPING, KURT 6/19/02 13:55
Entry Employee
STEPNOWSKI, DOROTHY 6/24/02 13:55
Zone/Division
Zone Iwo (2) (So of Okee/E thr Wil)
District
PATROL
Street Name
CRESTWOOD BL / SPARROW
Last Name
ROBERTS, VIRGINIA LEE
Street Number
RD
City
Birth Date .
LOXAHATCHEE,
FL 33470
Race
White
Oper Lic No.
Sex
•
Female
********** VEHICLE
Case Number
•: 1-02-009702
Vehicle Year . : 1993
Style
TWO DOOR
Color - Bottom : White
INFORMATION
#
License Number
Make
•
•
color - Top
1 *********
G13BTQ
FL
PONTIAC
.: White
****
********** VIOLATION
Case Number
• : 1-02-009702
Statute/Ordin
: 316.189 1
INFORMATION #
1 ********************
Citation
Number: 9702B0E5
?????
•
: NA
* * * * * * * *
*
******* END OF REPORT * * *
*
*
**
CERTIFIED
TO BE A TRUE COPY
RIC L. BRADSHAW, SHERIFF
GM_00776


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page460 of 648
EXHIBIT FF


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page461 of 648
OBTS Number •
PROBABLE CAUSE AFRIDAVIT
Agency ORI Number
3. Request for Warrant
Juvenile
4. Request for Capias
PALM BEACH COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
0 01020944884.
=
3. Misto misdaanor O
Special Nores:
EF
Name (Last, First, Miedfe)
Charge Onscription
(giaror, Anthosse
Charge Description
rand theft 812.014 622
Charge Description
Craige Description
Victim's Name (Las
Revd udee
Business Adresa (Name, Streel)
13C20 Wellusten Tr Wellingen Elo
Race Sor
147) 333-1520
ame
The Person taken inte custody ...
• committed the below acts in my presence.
1 Dale gt Bith
wct/ compl
same
pets Smith
admiting to the below facts.
OA.M. C P.M. (Specifically include facts conistitting cause for arrest.)
Comaiao*218 lef toa Mandareft Can Ichat De
On 815-02 a repat vas kunstac lu lut ume
at Hangund vidra lontodat 13920 lxentontiaw in
Melenter fla on 8-11-02 the stre llanagei Philip
Tepuli adund trat on 8-11-02 it cas found that
18 vedes gamas had ileen stolen aut of their bop and
the Borss left on the shelf, itt was found that the
suspect had come ento the store uchile it wasgon te
the Puskli and hod cut the side do the game bep uu
a paep olent and bel the ame outo eenlo
ollan
the Bep onthe atal ni Mailendui ovar
(200 on plurer) on lers Aulave . Onmon and ln
BobOnO.
Agno co sul
Kurong
LYMA L OTE
Vani Conny
edo some s aromasa en noriro lma arnis on
ame of the shelf place the tape ender chis thet
hen vaes force placeng the game ien his prints →
UaSmellA 3183
Myotdry Pubilc, Clerk
pear
DISTRIRIITION
GM_01202 PACE
OF
State Antonov
YELLOW - Agencv
PINK
- Agency


DE
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page462 of 648
OBTS Number
PROBABLE CAUSE AFFIDAVIT
J
Agency ORI Number
FLOr: 5 L
0
Agency Name
Charge Type
PALM BEACH COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
check as many
Felony
3. Misdemeanor
as apply.
s.
Ordinance
2.
Name (Last, First, Middle)
Tratic Felony
4,
Traffic Misdemeanor
Other
cx:0100)
2a. Al Cad
1. Atrust
2. N.T.A
3. Request for Warrant
4. Request for Capias
Juvenile
Agancy Repon Number
10,61021094.4.8811
Special Notes:
12
Alias
Race
not liede
Race
Local Address (Street. Apl
Business Addrods (Name. Street)
Laboranentr walleng
Same
Address source
07223-0570 vect/rempl
The undersigned cerities and swears that he/she has just and reasonable grounds to believe, and does beliethat the above named Delendant commyled the following violation of. law."
The Parson taken into custody ...
committed the below acts in my presence.."
•
confessed to
Kwas observed by Anna Hoselina-
admitting to the below facts..
was found to have commited the below acts, resulting from my (described) investigation.
On the
. day of
20_i. at
DAM. P.M. (Specifically include facts constituting causeufor arrest.)
and place the game lack on the dell in some
laptened loures the suleo es facen llo comaa
stao Emplode Tanned Angelore also comer to veder
Sunitance tape and he cana suoin statement she
the oraspent is train its him Member 009625/697
dial some crime intailad 08-107611 On 8 240z
when he was also dentifical the value o lt o arol
aparty in thin case l $ 900° sue torin
MAC сосла!
sono les arre
1 3
STATE OF FLORIDA D PALM.
¡herby chilly at the totegone isa
true copy of the record in my office: with
. CLE
.: By.
COMPTROLLE
DEPUTY CLERK
P8s1700 6336 115
DISTA/BUTION:
WHITE - Court Crov
GAFFN
Stato AMarna
DI47
DIAIN
GM_01.203FAGE
OF


STATE OF FLORIDA
VS.
. Case 18-2868, Document 278,, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page463 of 648
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, STATE OF FLORIDA
CRIMINAL DIVISION "W" (CGS)
CASE NO. 02CF012205A02
BOOKING NO. 2002343589
ANTHONY LUIS ZAC FIGUEROA,
...
02 OCT 29 M2: 14
*27
113E7
• critio
INFORMATIO ORIGINAL
GRAND THEFT
In the Name and by Authority of the State of Florida:
BARRY E. KRISCHER, State Attorney for the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, by and
through his undersigned Assistant State Attorney, charges that ANTHONY LUIS ZAC FIGUEROA on or about
August 11, 2002, in the County of Palm Beach and State of Florida, did knowingly obtain or use, or endeavor to
obtain or use video games of a value of $300.00 or more, which was the property of HOLLYWOOD VIDEO, or any
other person not the defendants), with the intent to permanently or temporarily deprive HOLLYWOOD VIDEO or
any other person not the defendant(s) of the property or benefit therefrom or to appropriate the property to the use of
ANTHONY LUIS ZAC FIGUEROA or to the use of any person not entitled thereto, contrary to Florida Statute
812.014(I) and (2)(c). (3 DEG FEL)
FL. BAR NO. 0928933
Assistant State Attorney
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH
Appeared before me, JILL ESTEY RICHSTONE Assistant State Attorney for Palm Beach County, Florida,
personally known to me, who, being first duly sworn, says that the allegations as set forth in the foregoing
information are based upon facts that have been sworn to as true, and which, if true, would constitute the offense
therein charged, that this prosecution is instituted in good faith/ and certifies that testimony under oath has been
received from the material witness or witnesses for the offense
Vil it Richstan
JER/sw
Sworn to and subscribed to betore me this
STATE OF FLORIDA • PALM BEACH
* day of October, 2002.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a
true copy of the record in my office with
Den Jaden
NOTARY PUBLIC, State of Florida
C..
SHARON R. BOCH
ECIC REFERENCE NUMBER& OOMPTROLLER
GRAND THEFT 2399 By.
owens
DEPUTY CLERK
Ellen Jordan
MY COMMISSION # C799741 EXPIRES
December 28, 2002
BONDED THRU TROY FAIN INSURANCE, INC.
6
GM_01204


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 26282₴
Page464 of 648
N THE CRIMINAL. DIVISION OF THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA.
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY
CASENO D2 012205 CE A02 IN W
OBTS NUMBER
STATE OF FLORIDA
COMMUNITY
CONTROL
VIOLATOR
01/28/2003
11:36:12
OR BK 14720 PG 1936
20038047647
Palm Beach County, Florida
Dorothy H. Wilken
STATE OF FLORIDA • SARTEACH COUNTY
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a
true copy of the record in my office with
Anthone Luis Zac Figueroa
DEFENDANTO
W
RACE
GENDER
FILEr
• JAN 15 2003
BUROTH
CIRCUIT & COUNTY COUNTS
The above Defendant, being personally Before this Court represented by
Having been tried and found guilty of
the following crime(s):
PROBATION
VIOLATOR
SOCIAL SECURIT
JUMBER
SHARON R. BOCK
& COMPTROLLER
rower-
DEPUTY CLERK
JUDGMENT
Lawrence >
(attorney)
Having entered a plea of guilty to
the following crimes):
Having entered a plea of nolo
contendere to the following
crime(s);
COUNT
CRIME
Grand theft
OFFENSE STATUTE NUMBER(S)
812.01461) and (2)(c)
DEGREE
30F
-
and no cause having been shown why the Defendant should not be adjudicated guilty. IT IS ORDERED THAT the Defendant is hereby
ADJUDICATED GUILTY of the above crime(s).
[
and having been convicted or found guilty of, or having entered a plea of nolo contendere or guilty.regardless of adjudication, to attempts or
offenses relating to sexual battery (ch. 794). lewd and lascivious conduct (ch. 800), or murder (s. 782.04). aggravated battery (s. 784.045).
burglary (s. 810.02). carjacking (s. 812.133), or home invasion robbery (s. 812.135), or any other offense specified in section 943.325. the
defendant shall be required to submit blood specimens.
and good enure being shown, IT IS ORDERED THAT ADIUDICATION OF GUILT BE WITHHEŁD.
ENTENCE
STAYED
SENTENCE
DEFERRED
{ ] The Court hereby stays and withholds imposition of sentence as to counts) and places the Defendant on
] Probation and/or | 1 Community Control under the supervision of the Dept. of Corrections (conditions of probation
set forth in separate order).
( ] The Court hereby defers imposition of sentence until .
The Defendant in Open Court was advised of his right to appeal from the Judgment by filing notice of appeal with the Clerk of Court within thirty days
following the date sentence is imposed or probation is ordered pursuant to this adjudication. The defendant was also advised of his right to the assistance
of counsel in taking said appeal at the expense of the State upon showing of indigency.
DONE AND ORDERED in Open Court at Palm Beach County, Florida, this 15
a January m3
RCULDCOURT JUDGE
Snored y


Case 18-2868, Document 278,, 08/09/2019, 2628230
Page465 of 648
PLEA IN THE CIRCUIT COURT
Name: _
*thE IS TO REFLECT ALL TERNS OF THE NEGOTATED SETLEMENT
Luis
Plea: Guilty _X Guilty/Besj Interest
Nolo Contendere
Zac Figuera
Case No.
Count
Lesser
120129060F Ais Strand theft
Degree
JIf
32012205 cAn Grand theft
FILER
JAN 15 2003
State to Nolle Prosse the tollowing at sentencing:
DOROTHY H. WILKEN, CLERN
PSI: Waived/Not Required Réquired/Requested.
CIRCUIT A COUNTY COU* :
(CRIM. ON)
ADJUDICATION:
Withhotd
ZCourt's Court's Discretion I
If the Defendant is convicted of possession, sale, trafficking or conspiracy to possess, sell or traffic in any controlled substance, the Court directs the Department
of Motor Vehicles and Highway Safety to revoke the Defendant's driver's license for two (2) years. If the Defendant is convicted of grand theft of a motor vehicle:
theft of motor vehicle parts; or, any felony in the commission of which a motor vehicle was used, the Court directs the Department of Motor Vehicles and Highway
Safety to revoke the Defendant's driver's license as mandated by law. The Clerk is directed to make the proper notifications.
SENTENCE:
$
Fine $
Court Costs $
Drug Trust Fund
$
Cost of Prosecution
$
Public Defender Fees/Costs
Incarceration:
Days
Months
— Years
with credit for time served; which is
бале
y terdays
at smonths I
OBATION:
ears - Drug Ottender if checked fr
ALL CONDITIONS OF RROBATION MUST BE SUGGESSFULLY COMPLETED NO LESS THAN 30 DAYS BEFORE
PROBATION IS SCHEDULED TO TERMINATE UNLESS STATED BELOW.
STANDARD CONDITIONS OF PROBATION HAVE BEEN EXPLAINED BY DEFENSE COUNSEL.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF PROBATION:
Restitution as per the accompanying order. [
B
(check it ordered) $1900,00
cimplete as
Fine: $
Court Costs: $ 3/
Drug Trust Fund: $ 50
Cost of Prosecution $
Public Defender Fees/Costs $ 190
C)
Substance abuse evaluation and successful completion of recommended treatment [
ordered) (enroll within 30 days) If in custody, release only to
D)
E)
F)
Random Drug Testing at Defendant's expense l
/(check 17
1202/00
1 (check if ordered)
hours of community service at a rate of no less than
hours per month
Incarceration:
— Months
with credit for time served; which is
OTHER COMMENTS OR CONDITIONS
stocon
ekta
Hollywood
100б
Palm
#Counts Th
eat ense A to have at hayare
SENTENCING IS DEFERRED UNT
THE DEFENDANT, ANGERSTANDS IF'S HE FAILS TO APPEAR OR IS ARRESTED ON NEW CHARGES, A CÁPIAS
калк
Kaur
Assistant State Ate
115/2003
Date of Plea
Attorney for We Defendant
Detendant
Wher
Piqueror GM.
-to Rebad
go that Back


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 466 of 648
In the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit
In and For Palm Beach County, Florida
Case No.
Division:
02012206 CF A2
STATE OF FLORIDA
VS.
Anthony Luis Zac Figueroa
Defendant
FILES
Circuit Criminal Department
BOOK
ORDER MODIFYING PROBATION a.
THIS cause has come before the Court on the Defendant's Violation of Probation. Upon
consideration, it is hereby:
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the Defendant's Probation is modified as follows:
probation extended tar a period
of b. months with which time
defendant will undergo a
drug abuse evaluation + commence
any recommended treatoent
Defendant admits the Violation of Probation.
All Original terms and conditions to remain in effect.
Defendant is sentenced to
for.
days.
_ days/months Palm Beach County Jail with credit
DONE AND ORDERED this
day of
STATE OF FLORIDA • PALM BEACH COUNTY
may
200 1.
250
MAY
By
DEPUTY CLERK
GM 0120738


Case. 18-2868
Document.278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page467 of 648
OBTS Number•
PAOBABLE CAUSE AFFIDAVIT
CHARGES
ADMIN
Agency OAl Number
Agency Name
FLO: 5.01
wharge type:
Checl
as many
as apply.
01.01
Felony
Traffic Felony
PALM BEACH COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
Misdemeanor
2.
4. Tratic Misdemeanor
Name (Lasi, Fital Middte)
Other _
Charge Descrigton
IGUERDA, Anthone
Alias
Charge Description
and That Ess# 812.
Charge Description
1. Arri
2. N. T.A.
3: Request for Warrant
4. Request lor Capias
Juvenile
Agency Report Number
0,61021|076L7ı
/ Sex
Charge Description.
Race o
VICTIM
3910 (l0dtoraton trace Ure ente
Business Address Name. Street)
Some
Had 333-0520 alect Kompe
The Person faken into custody ...
amel
The undersigned cartifies and swears that heishe has just and reasonable grounds to believe, and does believe that the above named Defendant committed, the following violation af law
committed the below acts in my presence.
confessed, to
"was observed JARRod Angelen!
admitting to the below facts..:
that he/she saw the arrested person commit the below acts.
Det D SmithEr
was found to have commited the below acts. resulling from my (described) investigation:
#3483
On the .
day of
20. at _
OA.M. • P.M. (Specifically include facts constituting cause for arrest.)
On 8-24-02 it was reported that a Hand theft
nad ordered at Not in lides located at 13920
wellington tace in median fla The stare Mandal
Khilip apule aduined that they had found tha
averal Wides James had len dolen out of thi box
and the Barleft on the shelf it ins found that the
sunpent had came ento the store utile open to the Pita
-and Cut the ade of the dame hop untha chaipt
alfect and took the game out of the lop leaving the
Bas on the shelf mi napiliaduind that this in
Secured aueral timesin the last faurunko se
found however that on s sion after inventio
Mune carpoo
or a one of thema loos
that the suspect had wit him sill while Commate
the cremes as or one of the bopS was coarad in
lead. In Tapul adised that the cume was
putied on the suilance camera and the had
GM _01208/13
DISTRIBUTION
WHITE Court Copy
GREEN - State Attorney
YELLOW - AGenCY


Case 18-2868
Document.278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 468 of 648
OBTS Number -
PROBABLE CAUSE AFFIDAVIT.
1. Arrest
3. Reques: for Warrant
Juvenile
Agency OAl Number
2. N.T.A.:
4. Request for Capias
FLO, 5, 0, 0
Charge Type
PALM BEACH COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
Agens Rear Murie
0, 6 -0
Check as many
110761711
as apply.
Trate Medeanor s
CHA
zandthat Ess 812.048
Charge Description
learn edis
Race
Sax
VIC
Business Address (Name, Stree
L: 1233-0520
Ene Person fake caritas, and wears chal halahe nas just and reasonable grounds a balieve, and does tieve a a i get amo
• commited the below acis in my presence.
amed Defendant commuted the following violation of law
• confessed to
that heishe saw the arrested person commit the below acts
who to tasmate
. admitting to the below facts.
was found to have commitad the below acts, resulting from my (described) investigation.
DAM. • P.M. (Specifically include facts constituting cause for arrest.)
theivides. On 8-30-02 thia Detectie met unth
uni napuli and turoof his Emplayis Wellianed
the WideD tape and it was find that on the
tape the crime was captured and it sland alimen
long shorts wesung a long shit picking up the udio
game tias and in simo cano puttis it endet hissut
then using force and then plaing to tape dad on the
sheet in ame cases heis frang the camera and yo
can see him cutting the los and putters the indes rome
inchio pants. Store Employe tariad angeloni alan wens
sanct in Kaun tahim to Namho 109 11974
наоборов дати
no. that al 18.33 to lake
ADona smitin atment liom store Manager nu
ituas later tondon 8.70-02 that shortes
attilleft there interview that Anthony
OUNTY OF PALI
QC03483
(Print name of Arresting
TOU
lige Officer, who is personally known to me and
113745 2/5
DISTRIBUTION
WHITE - CoMPany
COCEN
OM 012000E 3


Case 18-2868
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page469 of 648
OBTS Number
PROBABLE CAUSE AFFIDAVIT
Agency ORI Number
FLO, 5
0:0
Charge Type:
Check as many
as apply.
Name (Last, First, Middle™
agency Nano
PALM BEACH COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
4. Tratic Misdemeanor
l. Arrest
2. N.T.A.
gency Report Nume
3.. Aequest for Warrane
4. Request for Capias
Charge Dascription
Charge Description
Editeft FEs 212.0425
Charge Description
Juvenile
marge are Mallman e
1333-0520 Cct/Cempl
undersigned certifies and swears that he/she has just and reasonabie grounds to believe, and does believe that the above named Defendant committed the following violation of l
• committed the below acts in my presence.
as observed to nod precions
• contessed 10 -
admitting.to the below facts.
that he/she saw the arrested person commit the below acts...
was found to have commited the below acts, resulting from my (described) investigation.
: On the
- day of
- 20_ at.
•A.M.. • P.M. (Specifically include facts constituting cause for arrest.)
figuera camento the da buth his nad
lancero this dueto the possible cit rosaron
while commeline the cme as uloodeno some
among at the u do lans me fanna danet
left the stores defore prace convanne.
Dus to me lindemo do statod hardur
enduith postle DO Nodo o the disont
thest do hes arteons are contary to ESS
the an arman indied
четед
ine 29reggingrista
recordsinemy offer wit
13483
sensays #3245
1/am
GREEN — State Antomey
STARON R. BOC
CLERK &
_COMPTROLLER
By.
DEPUTY CLERK
дло.
120z. Det A mitfr
-Hersall keris
16147
GM _0121036€3
YELLOW - Agency
PINX - Agency


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page470 of 648
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, STATE OF FLORIDA
CRIMINAL DIVISION "W" (CGS)
CASE NO. 02CF012206A02
BOOKING NO. 2002343590
STATE OF FLORIDA
VS.
ANTHONY LUIS ZAC FIGUEROA,
W/M,
ORIGINAL
INFORMATION FOR:
:T7
GRAND THEFT
In the Name and by Authority of the State of Florida:
BARRY E. KRISCHER, State Attorney for the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, by and
through his undersigned Assistant State Attorney, charges that ANTHONY LUIS ZAC FIGUEROA on or about
October 24, 2002, in the County of Palm Beach and State of Florida, did knowingly obtain or use, or endeavor to
obtain or use video games of a value of $300.00 or more, which was the property of HOLLYWOOD VIDEO, or any
other person not the defendant(s), with the intent to permanently or temporarily deprive HOLLYWOOD VIDEO or
any other person not the defendant (s) of the property or benefit therefrom or to appropriate the property to the use of
ANTHONY LUIS ZAC FIGUEROA or to the use of any person not entitled thereto, contrary to Florida Statute
812.014(1) and (2)(c). (3 DEG FEL)
Mise Rehous
ESTEY RICHSTONI
"L. BAR NO. 092893
Assistant State Attorney
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH
Appeared before me, JILL ESTEY RICHSTONE Assistant State Attorney for Palm Beach County, Florida,
personally known to me, who, being first duly sworn, says that the allegations as set forth in the foregoing
information are based upon facts that have been sworn to as true, and which, if true, would constitute the offense
therein charged, that this prosecution is instituted in good faith, and certifies that testimony under oath has been
received from the material witness or witnesses for the offense.
Sworn to and subscribed to before me this 2 day of October, 2002.
The segrete
ben jordan
NOTARY PUBLIC, State of Florida
JER/sw
STATE OF FLORIDA • PALM BEACH COUNTY
mereny certify that the forgo
ECIC REFERENC
GRAND THEFT
Swue copy of the record in st
ceractions. A an
DAY
Ellen Jordan
CITY COMMISSION # CC799741 EXPIRES
December 28, 2002
ENDED THRU TROY FAIN INSURANCE, INC
SHARON R. BOOK
CLOAK & COMPTROLLE
By
DEPUTY CLERK
OM 0121e


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page471 of 648
IN THE CRIMINAL DIVISION OF THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA.
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY
CASENO D2012206CE AOQ oNL
@1/28/2003 11:36:12
: 20030047648
OBTS NUMBER
OR BK 14720 PG 1937
Palm Beach County, Florida
STATE OF FLORIDA
Dorothy H. Wilken, Clerk
COMMUNITY
CONTROL
VIOLATOR
PROBATION
VIOLATOR
Anthony Luis Zac Figueroa
DEFENDANT
W
RACE
GENDER
FILE
14N 15 2000
DOROTHY H. WILKEN, CLEPK
CIRCUIT A COUNTY
The above Defendant, being personally, before this Cout represented by
Having been tried and found guilty of
the following crime(s):
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER
JUDGMENT
1'. Lawrence APD
Having entered a plea of guilty to
the following crime(s):
(attorney)
Having entered a plea of nolo
contendere to the following
crime(s):
COUNT
thand theet
OFFENSE STATUTE NUMBER(S)
812. 014(1) and (2)le)
DEGREE
30F
and no cause having been shown why the Defendant should not be adjudicated guilty. IT IS ORDERED THAT the Defendant is hereby
ADJUDICATED GUILTY of the above crime(s).
]
and having been convicted or found guilty of. or having entered a plea of nolo contendere or guilty.regardless of adjudication, to attempts or
offenses relating to sexual battery (ch. 794), lewd and lascivious conduct (ch. 800), or murder (s. 782.04), aggravated battery (s. 784.045).
burglary (s. 810.02). carjacking (s. 812.133), or home invasion robbery (s. 812.135), or any other offense specified in section 943.325. the
defendant shall be required to submit blood specimens.
_and good catse being shown: IT IS ORDERED
THAT ADJUDICATION OF GUILT BE WITHHELDI
SENTENCE
STAYED
SENTENCE
DEFERRED
i 1 The Court hereby stays and withholds impositigentence as to counts) and places the Defendant on
! 1 Probation and/or 1 Core Contre ander the supervision of the Dept. of Corrections (conditions of probation
it forth in separate p23l00 a
• ] The Court herebs
defersimposition ord in my oftice with
ertity that the foregoing
truo cop!
The Defendant in Open Courts
following the date sentence.if
of counsel in taking said appi
an upon by fling notice of appeal with the Clerk of Court within thirty days
audication. The defendant was also advised of his right to the assistance
Inse of the Stare
Indigency.
DONE AND ORDERED in Open Court at Palm Beach.
BY -
Arge Ford is.
so January 30.3
URT JUDGE


Case 18-2868, Document.278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page472 of 648
HOY
"W"
DC# W14116
Officer: 15-3 -
JUDGMENT OF GUILT
AND PLACING DEFENDANT ON PROBATION
STATE OF FLORIDA
-vs- Plaintiff
ANTHONY LUIS ZACFIGUEROA
Defendant
In The Circuit Court
38=
of Palm Beach County, Flatida:
Case No. 02-12206CFA020-
2003 JAM 23 PM12: 34
This cause coming on this day to be heard before me, and you, the defendant ANTHONY
LUIS ZACFIGUEROA, being now present before me, and you having:
PLED GUILTY TO
The offense of COUNT 1. GRAND THEFT the court hereby adjudges you to be guilty of
said offense; and
It appearing to the satisfaction of the Court that you are not likely again to engage
in a criminal course of conduct, and that the ends of justice and the welfare of society do
not require that you should suffer the penalty authorized by law:
Now, therefore, it is ordered and adjudged that the imposition of sentence are
hereby withheld, and that you are hereby placed on probation for a period of EIGHTEEN
(18) MONTHS CONCURRENT WITH 02-1220SCFA02 under the supervision of the
Department of Corrections and its Officers, such supervision to be subject to the
provisions of the laws of this State.
It is further order that you shall comply with the following conditions of
probation:
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Not later than the fifth day of each month or as directed, you will make a
full and truthful report to your Probation Officer on the form provided for
that purpose.
You will pay to the State of Florida the amount of $ 50.00 FIFTY
DOLLARS per month, plus a 4% surcharge, toward the cost of your
supervision, unless otherwise exempted in compliance with Florida
Statutes.
You will not change your residence or employment or leave the county of
your residence without first procuring the consent of your Probation
Officer.
You will neither possess, carry or own any weapons or firearm without
first securing the consent of your Probation Officer.
1
FILED
GM_01213


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page473 of 648
ZacFigueroa, Anthony
Case # 02-12206CFA02
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
(9)
(10)
(11)
(12)
You will live and remain at liberty without violating any law. A
conviction in a court of law shall not be necessary in order for such a
violation to constitute a violation of your probation.
You will submit to Urinalysis, Breathalyzer or Blood tests, as directed by
your Probation Officer or the Professional Staff of any treatment center
where you may be receiving treatment, to determine the possible use of
alcohol, drugs or controlled substances.
You will make a good faith effort to obtain lawful employment and
support any dependents to the best of your ability as directed by your
Probation Officer.
You will promptly and truthfully answer all inquiries directed to you by
the Court or the Probation Officer, and allow the Officer to visit in your
home, at your employment site, or elsewhere, and you will comply with
all instructions he may give you.
RESTITUTION TO: HOLLYWOOD VIDEO IN THE AMOUNT OF
$1000.00 MINIMUM PAYMENT OF $55.56 PER MONTH - CRO
FILED
NO CONTACT WITH HOLLY VIDEO IN PALM BEACH CO.
ENTER AND COMPLETE: THEFT ABATEMENT PROGRAM
AUTOMATIC EARLY TERMINATION AFTER 12 MONTHS
PROVIDED ALL CONDITIONS ARE SATISFIED
You are hereby placed on notice that the Court may at any time rescind or modify
any of the conditions of your probation, or may extend the period of probation as
authorized by law, or may discharge you from further supervision; and that if you violate
any of the conditions of your probation, you may be arrested and the Court may revoke
your probation and impose any sentence which it might have imposed before placing you
on probation.
It is further ordered that when you have reported to the Probation Officer and
have been instructed as to the conditions of probation you shall be released from custody
if you are in custody and if you are at liberty on bond, the sureties thereon shall stanc
lischarged from liability
2
GM_01214


Case: 18-2868, Document.278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page474 of 648
ZacFigueroa, Anthony
Case # 02-12206CFA02
It is further ordered that the Clerk of this Court file this order in his office, record
the same in the Minutes of the Court, and forthwith provide certified copies of same to
the Probation Officer for his use in compliance with the requirements of law.
DONE AND ORDERED IN OPEN COURT THIS 15TH DAY OF JANUARY, 2003.
signed this 22 day of any
, 2003.
JUDGE
T acknowledge receipt of a certified copy of this order and that the conditions have been
explained to me.
Date:
Probationer_
Instructed by:
Original: Court
Copies: Probationer/File
JF 1/16/03
DC4-900A
STATE OF FLORIDA • PALM BEACH COUNTY
hereby certify that the foregoing is
rue copy of the record in my office wit
So even
DEPUTY CLERK
3
GM_01215


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page475 of 648
In the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit
In and For Palm Beach County, Florida
020122050F A02
Case No.
Division:
STATE OF FLORIDA
VS.
Defendant
Anthony Luis Zac Figueron
FILED
Circuit Orci"s Carermem
ORDER MODIFYING PROBATION
Cler
THIS cause has come before the Court on the Defendant's Violation of Probation. Upon
consideration, it is hereby:
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the Defendant's Probation is modified as follows:
probation exteaded tar a penad
of be months with which time
defendant will undergo a
drug abute evaluation + Commence
any recommended treatment.
Defendant admits the Violation of Probation.
All Original terms and conditions to remain in effect.
Defendant is sentenced to
for
_ days.
. days/months Palm Beach County Jail with credit
)
DONE AND PERED SiSBEAC
day of_
1 hereby certify that the foregoing
epy of the record in my office with
tions, iyany ps reqyired ay law
THIS
CLOON. 50
ву.
Quere ta
e
DEPUTY CLERK
May
_ 2005.
Circuit Jude
GM 01216 EV
MAY
4 2005


ADMINISTRATIVE
DEFENDANT
8
COD
HAR
3/68 18-2868
OBTS Number
Document 278, 08/092019, 2628230, Page476 0134334
ARREST / NOTICE TO APPEAR
3. Request for Warrant
Agency OAi Number
Agency Name™
FLO, 5. 0, 0,0,010
PALM BEACH COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
0,6-0L
If Weapon Seized
1112882/11
Location of Arrest (Including Name of Business)
Location of Öffense (Business Name. Address)
NONE
Hollywood Vidka
Location of Vehicle:
Name (Last, First, Middle)
FiQUECOA, ANthoNY, Lnis, Zoe
O American Sidian
IW m
Scars, Marks; Tatoos, Unique Physical Features (Loc
Left Arm
Allas (Name. DOB, Soc. Sec. #, Etc.)
5'9
Mel
slim
sinkle Chrin
Drug influence
Residence Type:
City
3. Florida
2. County
4. Out of State
SAME
Business Addrass (Name, Street)
D/L Number. State
Tapr
Phone
Address Source
12
(City)
(State)
EL
(Zip)
Phone
DL
Occupation
K
Y
INS Number
lace of Birth (City, Stale
TANTAtioN
Date of Birth
FC
Citizenship
Sex
5 2. At Large
4. Misdemeanor
Co-Defendant Name (Last, First, Middle)
5. Juvenile
Sex
Date of Birth
Arresiec
52. At Large
3. Felony
4. Misdemeanor
Parent
Name (Last)
5 5. fuvenile
Legal Custodian
(First)
Other:
Address (Street, Apt. Number)
(City)
(Middle)
(State)
Residence Phone
(Zip)
(
Business Phone
Notified by: (Name)
Released To: (Name)
03,000
)
Date
Time
Juvenile Dispositior
P/frames
1. Handied/Processed withi
Dept. and Released.
3. TO MESONS
Incarcerated
Date
Fored al any chase of addressd or parant was told
Time
Grade
No: (Reason)
Property Crime?
CYes
•No
Description of Property
Grand Theft
Drug Activity Drug Type
Charge Descripion a r
Charge Description
Drug Activity Drug Type
Charge Description
Drug Activity Drug Type
Amount / Unit
School Attended
**CO
Value of Property
B. Barbiturate
H. Hallucinogen :
Cocaine
P. Paraphernalia/
U. Unknown
A. Amphetamine
M. Marijuana
E. Heroin
Equipment
Z. Other
O. Opium/Deriy. :-
S. Synthetic
002-12882|
- 8120014. 42441))
Violation of ORD *
Bond
Violation of ORD 4
12882|
Domestic
Violence
CY
Varrant / Capias Numbe
o2.
021953 TC
Statute Violation Number
Bond
Violation of ORD *
Offense #
Warrant / Capias Number
Bond
Counts
Offense #
Domestic
Violence
*Y
CN
Statute Violation Number
→ Viotation of ORD »
Warrant / Capias Number
- Bond
EAR
APP
TO
Location (Court, Room Number, Address)
Signature of Defendant (or Juvenile and Parent Custodian)
Date Signed
12/5
ADMIN.
HOLD for other Agency
Name:
/ Dangerous
Suicidal
тотя
8 orner:
Resisted Arrest
LAZI
Pouch &
3334
PBSO #148 HEV. 8/97
DISTRIBUTION: WHITE COURT COPY
Signature of Arresting Office
Name Verification (Printed by Arrestee)
acon
ame of Arfosting Officer (Priat)
(PRINT)
AN UnsEN 6iY-
CAA
Transporting Officer
I.D. *
› Amt
winess here if suoye signed with an OM_01217 oF
GREEN - STATE ATTORNEY
YELLOW - AGENCY
PINK - AGENCY
GOLD - DEFENDANT (N.T.A.'s ONLY)


Case 18-2868
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page477 of 648
OBTS Number •
ADMIN
Agency Off Number
PROBABLE CAUSE AFFIDAVIT
1. Arrest
-
PALM BEACH COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
0, 6-0,
211288 ZLKL1
EF
Name (Last, First. Middle)
igneros, Anthony
CHARGES
Charge Description
Alias
Race
W
Sex
Charge Description
Charge Description
Victim's Name (Last, First. Middie)
Holywond
VICTIM
Local Address Street, Apt. Number
Vidzo
"City)
Race
Sex
Date of Birth
(State)
(Zip)
Phone
-A.
Address Source
13920
NellinstoN
LACE
Wellingto
33/14
Occupation.
The undersigned certifies and swede that-he/she has just and reasonable grouleds to believe, and does believe that the above named Delendant committed the following violation of law
The Person taken into custody...
committed the below acts in my presence.
• confessed to.
7 was observed by
Philip
Akpulánno told
VAN DUSEN
admitting to the below facts.
hat ne/she saw the arrested person commit the below acts
was found to have commited the below acts, resulting from my (described) invesligation.
On the 1 9
_dayo OctobEr 2002600 OA.M. 2 P.M. (Specially include facts constituting cause for arrest.)
I responded te Hollywood Vidio located at 13920 Wellington TrAcE iN
palm Beach lausty in response to a shoplifting call. PBSO dispatch
was advised by store MANager Philip Napul: That two white malss.
weck stuffing the pockets of their shorts with video games: Theis
w/as later destified es Anthouy Figueros and
caught on video survelliance which has been entered into PESO evidence.
Thess Z subjects were Apprehended by myself and. D/s CoNley lenin
the store. The Subjects bad 7 video games in the pockets of their
STAT
shorts, (3 playstation 2, 3 XBox and I GamEcubE ), These ganes
totaled 1350.00. Also thess Z subjects were identified by Napuli
PROBABLE
as they wers leaving the store, It should be woted That Anthony Figuisa
was Apprehended Attempting to Enter his vehicle. He did hAve the driver
side dew open add was gelling in. Upon Ssarch of his vehick which wos
taken for Forfeiture 6 other vidio games were foud withont recipts.
Thess wers placed into svidence, Stace managEr told me that
cant to the counteR and askid a clerk questions in AvAtempt to
distract him while tiguero left the store
theệ a 150 kft
wither subject made any attempt to pay for the games. Basst upon the
Above described investigation I belie
PAGE HONES PRESENTS
STATE OF FLOBIDA
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH
rhasopy of the record in my office wit!
ADMINISTRATIVE
squired by lav
(elonzure al Ariting investigativo OMicer)
The foroge
er instrument was sworn to or affirmed and subscribed before me thi
(Print Marg
Wivestigative Officer.
duced identification. Type ol
AARON R. ROOK BREY
pon godyc
DEPUTY CLERK
VAN PusEN
PASA & MAA DEI reno
DISTAIBUTION:
WHITE - Court CoDy
GREEN
- Stata AGininav
GM_0121840€
1 or 2
VELIAW - Ananc.


• Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page478 of 648
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA
CRIMINAL DIVISION
DS JASON VANDUSEN, 6142
PALM BEACH COUNTY SHERIFFS OFFICE
Agency case number 02-128821
STATE OF FLORIDA
VS.
CASE NO. 02CF012204A99
Booking No. 2002343586
ANTHONY LUIS ZAC FIGUEROA, W/M,
NO FILE FOR:
GRAND THEFT
The State enters a no-file because the elements of the crime cannot be proven beyond a reasonable
doubt.
BARRY E. KRISCHER, STATE ATTORNEY
DATE: October 28, 2002
JILL ESTEY RICHSTONE
Assistant State Attorney
FL. BAR NO. 0928933
JER/sw
CLERK AND SHERIFF TO RESCIND NO CONTACT ORDER
STATE OF FLORIDA • PALM BEACH COUNTY
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a
By -
DEPUTY CLERK
GM 012197


OBTS Number
Case 18-2868, Document 278
PROBABLE CAUSẺ AFFIDAVIT
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page479 of 648
3. Request for Warrant
4. Request for Capias
Juvenile
ADMIN.
Agency ORI Number
FLO, 5
0, 2
8
Charge Type
Check as many
a5 apply.
0
XIt. Felony
2. Traffic Felony
Name (Last, First, Middie?
Fugueroa, Anthony Luis Zac
Charge Description
Agency Name
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
3. Misdemeanor
1 5. Ordinance
74. Traffic Misdemeanor
6. Other _
Agency Report Number
Special Notes:
13,812
Alias
Race
W
Sax
M
Grand Theft Auto
Charge Description
CHA
Charge Description
Charge Description
Victim's Name (Last, First, Middle)
Higueroa, Richard Jr.
Race
W
VICT
(zip)
Phone
Sex
M
Address
Business Address (Name, Street)
(City)
(Stale)
(zip)
Phone
Occupation
The Person taken into cuslody ...
The undersigned certifies and swears that he/she has just and reasonable grounds to balieve, and does belleve that the above named Defendant committed the following violation of law.
X committed the below acts in my presence.
- was observed by
_ confessed to
that he/she saw the arrested person commit the below acts
admitting to the below facts.
X was found to have committed the below acts, resulting from my (described) investigation.
October
XAM. • P.M. (Specifically include facts constituting cause for arrest.)
I met with victim Richard Figueroa, Jr., who told me that he allowed his brother, Anthony, to use his 1986 Mazda pick-up truck to
drive a friend home to Okeechobee Bivd. and Cherry Road at about 8pm, on 10/21/00. Richard told me that he has always been
very specific about the times and use he allows his brother to use the truck, to the extent that he has told Anthony that if the truck
were not brought back in the allotted time, he would call the police and report the truck stolen. For this trip, Anthony told
Richard he would be back in 30 minutes. At about 10:15pm, Anthony called Richard to say that the truck had a flat tire, and that
he would be right home. Richard asked Anthony where he was and Anthony would not say. At about 12:22am, on 10/22/00,
Richard called the police department to report the truck stolen.
I explained the seriousness about reporting a vehicle stolen, to the extent that is covered on the stolen vehicle affidavit. Richard
filled-out this form and signed the same without any hesitation. Richard further stated that he had to be at work in the morning
and was concerned since he needed the vehicle to get there.
TEM
Ar about 01:55am, Officer T.E. Murphy located and stopped this vehicle, near Huntington Woods and Royal Palm Beach
Boulevard. Driving was a
nd Anthony was in the passenger's seat. I responded to this location where the two
were still inside the vehicle. Both subjects were placed under arrest for Grand Theit Auto. Anthony Figueroa, since he first had
possession of the vehicle, depriving the victim of the same, and Luckett, for being in actual physical control of the vehiclc, also
depriving the victim use of his vehicle.
When the victim arrived to reclaim his vehicle, he inspected the tires and believed that they were the original tires and could not
detect any evidence of a flat tire or use of a spare tire. He further wrote me another written statement, indicating to me that
Luckett never had permission to drive his truck.
Figueroa went to the County Jail and
went to the Juvenile Assessment Center.
ILED
AM 6:
0Ф OCT 23
#TATE QF FLORIDA - PALM BEACH COUNTY
Thomby certify that the torogoing is a
trup copy of the recore in my office with
mations, sty as reayed by law. f
2 as 1
SHARON R. SOCK
CLERK & GOMPTROLLER
By.
ADMINISTRATIVE
SWORN AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME
NOTE AIDEOLE ICKE OFTEN
10-22-00
DATE
DISTRIBUTION;
WHITE - Court Copy
GREEN -- State Attorney
Oh. Ce
SIGNATURE OF ARRESTING / INVESTIGATING OFFICER
Eli Shaiyitz #70
NAME OF OFFICER (PLEASE PRINT)
10-22-00
DATE
YELLOW- Agency
PINK -- Agency
PAGE
GOLDRAGO D
_ OF


CHARG
ADMIN..
OBTS Number
›ase 18-2368, Document 27:
PROBABLE CAUSE AFFIDAVI
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page480 of 648
3. Request for Warrant
4. Requesi for Capias
Juvenile
Agency ORI Number
FLO 1
5
1 0 2 8, 0|
Charge Type:
Check as many
X 1. Felony
as apply.
2. Traffic Felony
Name (Last, First, Middle)
Figuerda, Anthony Luis Zac
Charge Description
Grand Theft (Auto)
ROYAL PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
• 3. Misdemeanor
5. Ordinance
• 4. Tratic Misdemeanor
6. Other
Agency Report Number
10,0,13,8
Special Notes
41,21
Alias
Race
W
Sex
M
Charge Description
Charge Description
Charge Description
clim's Name (Last. First, Middle
«aueron. Richard
Race
W
(zip)
Phone
Sax
M
Addres:
(zip)
Phone
verbal
Occupalion
The undersigned certifies and swears that heishe has just and reasonable grounds to believe, and does believe that the above named Defendant committed the fallowing violation of law.
The Person taken into custody ..
committed the below acts in my presence.
confessed to
admitting to the below facts.
was observed by -
that he/she saw the arrested person commit the below acts.
was found to have committed the below acts, resulting from my (described) investigation
October
- MA.M. L P.M. (Specifically include facts constituting cause for arrest.)
ADDITIONAL PROBABLE CAUSE:
At above date and time, I was southbound in thé 1300 block of Royal Palm Beach Blyd. when I observed a white and maroon
Mazda pickup truck driving north on Royal Palm Beach Blvd. Ofc. Eli Shaivitz had earlier taken a stolen vehicle report on a
truck which matched this description. I caught up to the truck and saw that it had Florida tag number D61XWE. This was the tag
number of the stolen truck. I stopped the truck in the hi block of Sherwood Dr. I found
the driver and Anthony Luis Zac Figueroa W/M
to be the passenger. Anthony Figueroa is the brother of the owner and
was the original suspect in the stolen car case. Both subjects were taken into custody, secured, and placed in my patrol unit. I
transported the to the police station where they were turned over to Ofc. Eli Shaivitz.
PROBABLE CAUSE STATEMENT
BIATE OF PLONDA • RILM BEACH COUNTY
Therby carcy that the foregoing is a
me gopy the rocori in my office wi
done ines require by le
THIS DATON
SHARON R. BOCK
CHIÉRK & COMPTROL
DEPUTY CLERK
ADMINISTRA
TIVE
SWORN AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME
NOTARY PUBLIC/ CLERK OF COURT / PØLICE OFFICER
10-22-00
DATE
DISTRIBUTION:
WHITE - Court Copy
GREEN - State Attorney
SIGNATURE OF ARRESTING / INVESTIGATING OFFICER
1. E. Murphy #100
NAME OF OFFICER (PLEASE PRINT)
10-22-00
DATE
YELLOW-- Agency
PINK -- Agency
PAGE
GOLD 9A201224-05-


JB
Case No.:
Charges:
Case 18-2868.
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230.
Page481 of 648
00-11425CF A02
"'T"
GRAND THEFT. (MOTOR VEHICLE)
ST of FL vs.
ANTHONY LUIS ZAC FIGUEROA
Arrest#
2000346620
Date
-00
ASA
Deft-
-Pres
) Not Pres.
Bond#
_P07-00274775
Type _SB-PN
= Judge
Lindsey n
Def. Co.
$ 3,000
A/C
Crt. Rep...
sanes
Esq /PD.--Presy Not Pres.
Before the Court for:
Dis
Granted
• Denied
• With / Without Prejudice
• Withdrawn
• Court Reserves Ruling
• Written Order to Follow
Warrant
• Ordered • Recalled
• Bond Set at $
Bond Forf
DOR: Disch / Revoked / Reinstated
• See Below
• Also Covers O Sp Cond
4 Bond: Disch / Revoked / Reinstated
Bond Forf Vacated • Previous Bond Reinstated, if Bondsman agrees
• SOR: Disch / Revoked / Reinstated
• State failed to file charges • Released O.R.
• Deft _
Indigent
• PD Appt • Hrgonly PD Pres
Evaluation for:
• Drug Farm
• Court Appts
• DOC Non-Secure Bed by
• Pre-Plea
• PSI ordered by/within -
days
DEFT ENTERED A PLEA OF: O NOT GUILTY O GUILTY
As Charged-Cts
Lesser Cts.
• Sw & Test • Ady of Rts
• Waived PSI
Lesser Cts
ADJ GUILTY as Charged as to Cts
• FOUND GUILTY as Charged as to Cts.
• ADJ W/HELD as to Cts
• w/input from DJJ / Staffing
O NO CONTEST O BESTINTEREST O TOTHE COURT
_ Lesser Charge
Lesser Charge
Lesser Cts
Lesser Cts
• SENT W/HELD as to Cts
• FOUND AND ADJUDICATED DELINQUENT as to Cts
• FOUND & ADJ NOT GUILTY as to Cts
• Dismiss
Nolle Prosse Cts
Prob / Comm Control: • Revoked
• Reinstated • Modified
• SEE ORDER ASSESSING COSTS
•O Term. Successfully / Unsuccessfully
O SEE REVERSE SIDE FOR INSTRUCTIONS REGARDING FURTHER HEARING
• Stip/Found: (violent) Habitual Off. 775.084
• Stip/Found: Sexual Offender / Sexual Predator
SENTENCE:
PBCI:
• Stip/Found: P.R.R.
PBCJ:
Cts: _
Cts:
/ DOC:
Cts:
/ DOC:
Cts:
• W/Credit for
Days / Mos: / Yrs. • Deft Remanded • Deft to remain on same rel. status pending sent.
Conc / Consec / Co-Term w/cases / cts:
• Execution of Sentence Stayed
• Sentence Suspended • Time served as to Cts
• Youthful Off • Habitual Off • Min/ Mand:
as to Cts
O ABOVE SENTENCE TO BE FOLLOWED By: O Probation
• Drug Off Prob • Comm. Control I O II - See Page 2
Set / Remaine Se
_Set / Remains:
STATE OF FLORIDA • PALM BEACH COUNTY
Therby Bertty that the foregoing is a
true copy of the record in my office with
required by ra
THIS DAY Of
SHARON R. 80
CLERK & COMPTI
- at
Rm.
at
. AM/PM
AM/PM
• Deft sign
• Def Co
• ASA -
By
DEPUTY CLERK
Bondsman _
• Prob
• Jail O DIJ • GAL Notified by mail by:
• County Courthouse
_ on —
/_
• Courtroom, Criminal Justice Bldg.
205 N. Dixie, West Palm Beach
• Courtroom, Criminal Justice Complex
38844 State Road 80, Belle Glade
3228 Gun Club Rd., West Palm Beach
IF YOU ARE A PERSON WITH A DISABILITY WHO NEEDS ANY ACCOMMODATION IN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS PROCEEDING, YOU ARE ENTITLED, AT NO COST TO YOU, TO THE
OVISION OF CERTAIN ASSISTANCE. PLEASE CONTACT THE ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE COURT - 205 NORTH DIXIE HIGHWAY, ROOM 5.2500, WESTPALA BEACH EL2 3340
LEPHONE (561) 355-2431, WITHIN 2 WORKING DAYS OR YOUR RECEIPT OF THIS NOTICE. IF YOU ARE HEARING IMPAIRED. CALL 1-800-955-8771: IF VOICE V0ARED 1300 955-87
Form 611


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page482 of 648
EXHIBIT GG


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page483 of 648
Page 1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
CASE NO. 15-CV-07433-RWS
- - -X
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE,
Plaintiff,
V.
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Defendant.
-X
June 21, 2016
9:17 a.m.
CONFIDENTIAL
Deposition of JOSEPH RECAREY, pursuant
to notice, taken by Plaintiff, at the
offices of Boies Schiller & Flexner, 401
Las Olas Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Florida,
before Kelli Ann Willis, a Registered
Professional Reporter, Certified Realtime
Reporter and Notary Public within and
for the State of Florida.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page484 of 648
Page 2
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
APPEARANCES:
BOIES SCHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP
Attorneys for Plaintiff
401 East Las Olas Boulevard
Fort Lauderdale, Florida
BY:
BRADLEY EDWARDS, ESQ.
33301
HADDON MORGAN & FOREMAN, P.C.
Attorneys for Defendant
150 East 10th Avenue
Denver, Colorado 80203
BY:
JEFFREY PAGLIUCA, ESQ.
JONES FOSTER JOHNSTON & STUBBS, P.A.
Attorneys for Deponent
505 South Flagler Drive
Suite 1100
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401
BY:
JOANNE O'CONNOR, ESQ.
ALSO PRESENT: Sandy Perkins, Paralegal
Boies Schiller & Flexner
Ryan Kick, Videographer
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 485 of 648
Page 3
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
INDEX
Examination by Mr. Edwards
Examination by Ms. Schultz
...
Examination by Mr. Pagliuca
Further Examination by Ms. Schultz ..•
Further Examination by Mr. Pagliuca
....
.....
.. .
9
123
165
329
355
EXHIBITS
Deposition Exhibit 1 .........
Palm Beach Police Department
Incident Report
Deposition Exhibit 2
AH statement
Deposition Exhibit 3
CD with video (retained by Boies)
Deposition Exhibit 4
...
Search warrant return
Deposition Exhibit 5
Property receipts
Deposition Exhibit 6
Additional search warrant returns
Deposition Exhibit 7
Probably cause affidavit
Deposition Exhibit 8
Trash pull return
11
......
59
66
69
76
77
84
..... . . .
96
Deposition Exhibit 9
........
102
Folder with evidence
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page 486 of 648
2
Page 4
119
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Deposition Exhibit 10
Investigative report
Deposition Exhibit 11
..•.
CD with
• audio recording (retained by Boies)
Deposition Exhibit 11
.. . .
Supplement to incident report
Deposition Exhibit 12
Rule 26 disclosure
Deposition Exhibit 13
... ..
Vol. 2 of prior Recarey transcript
Deposition Exhibit 14
• ..
.. ...
.....
Vol. 1 of prior Recarey transcript
165
178
259
...
282
292
*** Exhibit 11 was used on two different exhibits.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page487 of 648
Page 10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
l. Most of the events that we are going to
discuss today occurred, at least the investigation
that we're going to discuss today, occurred in 2005
and 2006.
So can you just tell us what your position
was with the Palm Beach Police Department at that
time?
A. I was a police detective.
Q. And did you investigate a person by the
name of Jeffrey Epstein?
A.
I did.
Q. All right.
What was your role in the investigation of
Jeffrey Epstein?
A. I was the lead detective once the case was
turned over to me by Michelle Pagan.
Q.
Okay. And as the lead detective, did you
review all of the history of the investigation up to
the point it was turned over to you?
MR. PAGLIUCA: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS:
Correct.
BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q.
And was that one of your jobs as the lead
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page488 of 648
Page 11
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
investigator over a case, is to acclimate yourself
to the history of the case?
MR. PAGLIUCA: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: Yes.
BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Just so that the record is clear, will you
just give a brief pause in case Mr. Pagliuca has an
objection?
A.
All right.
Q. So they can also capture your answer.
A. Okay.
Q. In reviewing the history of the case, did
you review prior police reports, police reports
prior to you becoming involved personally?
A.
I did.
Q. Okay. And I've handed you what is marked
as Plaintiff's Exhibit 1.
(The referred-to document was marked by
the court reporter for Identification as
Deposition Exhibit 1.)
BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Do you recognize that?
A. Yes.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page489 of 648
Page 177
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
Police Department incident report as suspects?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
l. These people, right?
A. At that time, yes.
Q. Well, and then are you aware -- were there
any suspects added in any subsequent reports, to
your knowledge?
A.
Not that I'm aware of.
Q. In fact, you did not seek a probable cause
warrant for any other suspects in this case,
correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: That's correct.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
And Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell is not listed in
any of your Palm Beach Police Department incident
reports as a suspect in this case, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: Not -- no, not as a suspect
in this case,
no.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page490 of 648
Page 180
1
2
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
Exhibit 1. Are you with me?
3
4
5
6
7
8
A. Uh-huh.
l. Okay. Again, this was information that
was obtained by Detective Pagan, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. And it's true, is it not, that this
alleged victim never claimed to have been recruited
9 by Ghislaine Maxwell; true?
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: Correct.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
And this individual, alleged victim No. 1,
never identified Ghislaine Maxwell as being at
Mr. Epstein's house when she was there, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. You don't believe so --
A.
I don't believe so.
Q. That she ever identified Ghislaine Maxwell
as being in the house?
A.
Right.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page491 of 648
Page 181
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
Q. Okay. She never -- this individual,
victim No. 1
, never claimed that Ghislaine Maxwell
paid her any money, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. And this individual No. 1 never claimed
that Ms. Maxwell instructed her what to wear,
correct?
A. Right.
Q.
This individual never claimed that
Ghislaine Maxwell told her how to act, correct?
A.
Correct.
Q.
This individual never claimed to have met
Ghislaine Maxwell ever, correct?
A.
I don't believe so, no.
l. This individual never claimed to even have
spoken to Ghislaine Maxwell ever, correct?
A.
I don't believe so, no.
Q.
And when you say "I don't believe so, no,"
that means my statement to you is correct; is that
right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form, foundation.
THE WITNESS: Well, you're saying "ever."
I don't know if she's ever, ever spoken to --
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page492 of 648
Page 182
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. To Detective Pagan.
A. Right. To my knowledge, I don't know,
because Detective Pagan is the one who actually
interviewed her. So I don't know to the answer of
"ever." So not to my knowledge.
Q. Certainly, nothing in Exhibit 1, Narrative
1 reflects that this individual ever met or talked
to or spoke to Ghislaine Maxwell, right?
A. Right. Not to my knowledge.
l. And, indeed, you would agree with me that
if this individual claimed that Ms. Maxwell had
something to do with the events listed in Narrative
1, you would have folded up on it, as the
investigating detective, right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to the form.
THE WITNESS: Either myself or Detective
Pagan would have.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Sure.
And when you got the case six
months later, if there hadn't been follow-up, you
would have followed up on it, right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Correct.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page493 of 648
Page 187
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
l. Okay. The person alleged to have brought
the alleged victim No. I to Mr. Epstein's house is
this Hayley Robson individual, correct?
A.
Yes.
Q. Okay. Then with regard to alleged victim
No. 2, then this individual did not claim to have
been recruited by Ms. Maxwell, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object.
THE WITNESS: Who would be victim No. 2?
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. Well, you can either go to the second page
of Exhibit 1 and we can just follow down the victim
information, or you can go to the body of the
report, whichever is easier for you.
MS. SCHULTZ: Can you use the initials?
MR. PAGLIUCA: Sure. I can call them 1 or
AH or whatever you want to call them. That's
fine with me.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
So I'll just say alleged victim AH never
claimed to have been recruited by Ms. Maxwell,
correct?
A.
Correct.
Q. And alleged victim AH did not claim to
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page494 of 648
Page 188
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
have spoken to Ms. Maxwell ever, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: It's been a while since I
read this report.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
l. Sure.
Is it fair to say, Detective, that
this investigation occurred some 12 years ago,
right?
A.
Yeah. Well, yeah.
Q.
And is it fair to say that you've
conducted quite a few investigations over your
career?
A.
Q.
Yes.
All right.
And it's fair to say that it would be
impossible for you to remember all the details of
this investigation as you sit here today, correct?
A.
Correct.
Q.
And you've been referring to Exhibit 1
frequently throughout this deposition, correct?
A.
Yes.
Q.
And that's because you don't have any
present memory of these details, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form, foundation.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page495 of 648
Page 189
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
THE WITNESS: I have some recollection,
but I'm not going to have exact dates and times
off the top of my head.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
l. Sure.
A. You know, I spoke to over 33 girls
regarding this case. So when you say an initial, it
takes me a little while to go through the entire
list. But to have specifics, I'm not going to be
able to remember the exact specifics of -- of the
report.
Q. I appreciate that.
So we can take our time, but do you
recall, did AH ever identify Ms. Maxwell has someone
she spoke to?
A.
I don't recall.
Q. You don't recall at all?
A. I don't recall that she had mentioned
Ms. Maxwell.
And if she had, you would have put that in
your report, correct?
A.
Q.
I believe so, yes, I would have.
All right.
And so the absence of alleged victim AH
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page496 of 648
Page 190
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
referring to Ms. Maxwell means that she didn't,
right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Say the question one more
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
time.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
l. When we go through this report, and I've
gone through it, if any of the alleged victims had
identified Ms. Maxwell as someone that they spoke to
at Mr. Epstein's house, you would have listed that
in your report, right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: I believe I would have, yes.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. Yeah.
You tried to be thorough and accurate when
you were writing your reports, right?
A.
Yes.
Q.
And, certainly, you've indicated on direct
examination that the identity of people who were at
the house was something that was important to your
investigation, correct?
A.
Yes.
Q.
And that's why you did trash pulls, right?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page497 of 648
Page 191
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
A. Yes.
Q. And then you asked various individuals who
was there when you went to Mr. Epstein's house,
right?
A.
Correct.
Q. And you then, to the best of your ability,
recorded those answers, I take it, as to who was
there, right?
A.
Yes.
And with regard to AH, she never said
anything about Ghislaine Maxwell being at
Mr. Epstein's house, did she?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. To you?
A. I don't believe she did.
l. Okay. And if she did, it's likely that
you would have recorded it, correct?
A. Correct.
and it would be on the -- it
would be on the tape.
l.
Right.
She never claimed, AH, that Ms. Maxwell
paid her, right?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page498 of 648
Page 192
1
2
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
3
4
5
6
7
8
foundation.
THE WITNESS: Correct.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. She never claimed that -- AH never claimed
that Ms. Maxwell instructed her about what to wear,
correct?
9
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to the form.
10
THE WITNESS: Correct.
11
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
12
Q. AH never claimed that Ms. Maxwell told her
13
how to act at Mr. Epstein's house, correct?
14
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
15
THE WITNESS: Correct.
16
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
17
Q. AH never claimed to have met Ghislaine
18
Maxwell anywhere, correct?
19
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
20
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so, no.
21
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
22
Q.
Okay. If we go on to individual alleged
23
victim No. 3, AY, the same question: AY never
24
identified Ms. Maxwell as
someone she knew or
25
interacted with in any fashion, correct?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page499 of 648
Page 193
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
1
2
3
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: No.
4 BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. No, she did not?
A. No, she did not.
Q. Okay. The same with individual No. 4,
alleged victim FP: Again, FP never claimed to have
met with Ms. Maxwell, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so, no.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. Okay. And FP never identified Ms. Maxwell
as someone being at Mr. Epstein's house, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
And if you need to look at your report --
A.
No, I don't -- I don't believe so. The
only people that recalled Ghislaine at the house
was --
A.
Q. Sjoberg?
Johanna Sjoberg.
Who was over the age of 18, correct?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page500 of 648
Page 194
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: And Venero, Christina
Venero.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Who is an adult as well?
MS. O'CONNOR: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Yes.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
So out of your entire report, the only two
people who ever said anything about Ms. Maxwell were
Ms. Sjoberg, who I believe was 23 when you
interviewed her?
A.
Right, but she was --
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: She was -- she had worked
there for quite some time, so you would have to
back up, I think, a year or two.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
A. Right.
She was an adult when she worked there?
She was over the age of 18, right,
let's put it that way.
Q.
And she was not listed by you as a victim
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page501 of 648
Page 195
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
as part of this case, right?
A. Correct, because it was between two
consenting adults.
Q.
Exactly.
And so that's Ms. Sjoberg, and then the
other individual, I think you said Bolero; is that
right?
A.
Venero, Christina Venero. She's a --
Q.
Adult masseuse, correct?
A.
Yes. I remember she had lots of tattoos.
Tatts, right.
But the 17 individuals that you listed in
Exhibit 1, none of those individuals ever said the
word -- the words "Ghislaine Maxwell" during the
course of this investigation to you, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so. It
would be on the tapes if they did.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
l. Well, or it would be in your report,
right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page502 of 648
Page 196
1
2
3
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
THE WITNESS: Either in the report or on
the tapes.
4
5
6
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. That's an interesting point, so let's talk
about that for a moment.
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
This report, this Palm Beach Police
Department incident report, Exhibit 1, is a summary
9 of your investigation, correct?
A.
Correct.
Q. And these recitations of your interviews
are abbreviated summaries, correct?
A.
Correct.
Q. And so you're typing into this report
parts of it but not every word verbatim into the
report, correct?
A. Right.
Q.
And, again, the originals of these tapes
are somewhere with the FBI at this point, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ:
Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS:
Correct. Or at the State
Attorney's Office.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Are you aware of any of these originals
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page503 of 648
Page 203
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
That would be one. Probably victim JB would be
another. I believe there was a victim ML, as well.
l. Let me ask this question: As you sit here
today, do you know who the subjects of the four
counts that are referenced on the first page of
Exhibit 7 are?
A. If I went through the entire PC affidavit,
9 I could -- I could tell you who. But I just named
three.
Q. Okay.
A. So, like I said, I can go through it and
tell you who exactly those four counts were for.
Q. Okay. We are limited to four, though,
right?
A. Four instances.
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. Right.
And then throughout this entire 22-page,
Palm Beach Police Department affidavit,
Ms. Maxwell's name does not appear in here once,
does it?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so, no.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page504 of 648
Page 211
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
A. Correct.
And then Mr. Epstein is arrested and ends
up pleading guilty and all of that, right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: I think there was a
non-prosecution agreement prepared between the
Feds and some kind of agreement was made. But,
yes, he did end up pleading guilty.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
All right.
Now, based on the questions that were
asked of you in the grand jury, it's fair to say
that Ms. Maxwell was not a target of the grand
jury's investigation, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: Not based on the questions
that the state was asking me, no, the state
wasn't...
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
In fact, it's fair to say that you never
said Ms. Maxwell's name in the grand jury, right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page505 of 648
Page 212
1
2
3
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
THE WITNESS: No. Based on the questions
that the state was asking, no.
4 BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. Were you aware of who was being issued
subpoenas by the grand jury?
A. No. But it wasn't the actual subpoena
from the grand jury; it came from the State
Attorney's Office.
l. At the direction of the grand jury,
though, right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: I don't know. Again, I
don't know.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
I would like to talk a little bit about
the surveillance that you initiated at Mr. Epstein's
house, okay?
Can you tell
me when the surveillance
began?
A.
It would have started under Detective
Pagan and gone through --
Q.
The entire investigation?
A. Pretty much trash pulls.
We stopped the
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page506 of 648
Page 213
1
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
2
actual physical surveillance sometime during the
3
investigation. But it would have started under
4 Pagan.
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Q.
Okay. Do you recall in what -- well, how
was surveillance conducted, if you recall?
A. I didn't conduct it personally, no. That
would have been under plainclothes unit team. They
would have sent out a vehicle and recorded vehicles
coming and going and actual physical surveillance.
Q.
So physical surveillance means eyes on the
property, correct?
A.
Right.
Q. And eyes on the property by a police
officer, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. And that police officer would be charged
with the obligation of recording the incomings and
outgoings of people to the property, correct?
A.
Correct.
Q.
Is there a log that's maintained during
surveillance?
A.
I'm not sure who -- if there was a log or
not.
I know that they set up a vehicle with cameras
facing -- facing Epstein's residence.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page507 of 648
Page 214
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
l. And so these were video cameras?
A. Correct.
Q. And so whoever was coming and going,
whenever -- an officer saw somebody coming or going,
they would videotape that person; is that correct?
A. Or they would just leave the video
rolling, time lapse.
Q. And did you have the opportunity to
observe any of that video?
A. I did observe a couple, but the person who
actually set it up would review it and then submit a
supplement to the report.
Okay. It's true that none of the video of
the surveillance led to the identification of
Ghislaine Maxwell as coming or leaving the house
during the time of surveillance, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: I don't know. I didn't see
all of the video, so I can't -- I can't attest
to that.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Okay. Did anybody report to you that
Ms. Maxwell was
seen coming or going?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page508 of 648
Page 215
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form, foundation.
THE WITNESS: I don't recall.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
If someone had reported to you that
Ms. Maxwell was seen coming or going, you would have
recorded it in your Palm Beach Police Department
incident report, Exhibit No. I, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: I would have told the
officer who was conducting the surveillance or
reviewing the video to document it in the
supplements.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
And there is no documentation in the
supplement of Ms. Maxwell either coming or going
from Mr. Epstein's house during this time frame,
correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to the form.
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so. I
don't -- I don't -- I don't believe so.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. And, again, so we're on the same page,
when you say "I don't believe so," I interpret that
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page509 of 648
Page 241
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
THE WITNESS: Correct.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
l. And none of these individuals was employed
as a massage therapist at the time of their alleged
involvement with Mr. Epstein, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. Each of these individuals, as I recall,
claimed to have been paid directly by Mr. Epstein or
Ms. Kellen, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: Correct.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Most often, these individuals, these 17
individuals, were paid directly by Mr. Epstein,
correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS:
Mr. Epstein or Sarah Kellen.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. Okay. None of these individuals identify
Ms. Maxwell as someone who was paying them money,
correct?
MS. SCHULTZ:
Object to form and
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page510 of 648
Page 242
1
2
3
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
foundation.
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so, no.
4 BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
5
Q. And each of these individuals identified
6
receiving cash, correct?
7
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to the form.
8
THE WITNESS: Correct.
9
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
10
Q. Each of these individuals claimed varying
11
amounts, generally between $200 and up to $1,000,
12
correct?
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Correct.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
According to each of these individuals,
Mr. Epstein, when the massage was over, would either
hand them the money -- that happened according to
these individuals, right?
MS. SCHULTZ:
Object to form.
THE WITNESS: At times, yes.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Or Mr. Epstein had laid out the money
somewhere and directed them to where to go get it,
correct?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page511 of 648
Page 257
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
A. I don't believe clothing was seized.
Q. To your knowledge, did you seize any
property belonging to Ghislaine Maxwell from the
home?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: I'm not sure. Not to my
knowledge.
BY MS. SCHULTZ:
Q. Okay. No one ever came to you and said,
Could you please return these items to Ms. Maxwell,
correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: No.
BY MS. SCHULTZ:
Q.
All right.
You did that with Janush?
A.
Yes, he had photos and --
But nothing like that ever happened with
Ms. Maxwell, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ:
Object to form.
THE WITNESS:
No.
BY MS. SCHULTZ:
Q.
Ms. Maxwell was not present when you
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page512 of 648
Page 259
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
Q. Any way that you get contacted by a police
officer, if they put it into your database, it will
come up when you do the CAD search, correct?
A. Right.
Q. And that's all that came up with regard to
Ms. Maxwell, was her name was somewhere in the
system. Do you know or not know?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: I don't know.
MR. PAGLIUCA: Okay.
(The referred-to document was marked by
the court reporter for Identification as
Deposition Exhibit 12.)
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
I have handed you what has been marked as
Deposition Exhibit 12, which I will represent to you
are the Plaintiff in this case, Ms. Giuffre's Rule
26 disclosure.
I want to just go through very quickly and
ask you if you know any of these individuals.
So, let's start with No. 1, Virginia
Giuffre.
A.
Have you ever met Virginia Giuffre?
No.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page513 of 648
Page 260
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
l. Have you ever talked to her?
A. I don't recall.
l. Do you know what information that she may
have that's referenced below? Conducted is the
subject of this action. Do you have any knowledge
of that?
MS. O'CONNOR: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: No.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Number 2, Ghislaine Maxwell, I'm going to
come back to her.
Number 3, Juan Alessi, you did interview
Mr. Alessi, correct?
A.
Yes.
Q. I have seen a transcript of that
interview, and I have seen Exhibit 2, which is a
transcript of the interview with Ms.
• I want
to ask you a couple of questions about the
transcription process.
As I understand your testimony previously,
the electronic recordings are sent somewhere, you
don't know where, for transcription; is that right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: I didn't request a
MAGNA®
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page514 of 648
Page 274
1
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
2
different investigators Mr. Black uses in a
3
particular calendar year, do you?
4
5
6
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: No.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
7
8
Q. And so you don't know whether Mr. Black's
association with this law firm was in connection
9
with Mr. Epstein's case or some other case, do you?
10
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
11
THE WITNESS: worked this case,
12
nothing -- nothing but this case for an entire
13
year. This was my only case for a year.
14
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
15
Q. Okay. That's it?
16
A. If it walks like a duck.
17
MS. SCHULTZ: Objection.
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. Okay. So we're finished with Dershowitz.
Keep on going.
Number 28, obviously,
Q. Okay. And you've talked about her?
A. Right.
Q. And, again, she never discussed Ghislaine
Maxwell with you, correct?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page515 of 648
Page 278
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
Q. Right. So you're 75. So I want you -- I
want to take a moment and read what's under 75:
"Detective Recarey was the chief investigator of the
crimes committed at Jeffrey Epstein's Palm Beach
mansion." Is that true?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Yes.
9 BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
"And has information about Ghislaine
Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein's sexual trafficking
conduct and interaction with underaged minors."
Tell me everything that you believe you
know about Ghislaine Maxwell's sexual trafficking
conduct.
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: I don't.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
So that's inaccurate, then? I mean, you
have no knowledge about Ghislaine Maxwell sexually
trafficking anybody, do you?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Not with -- not with the
girls that I spoke with, no.
MAGNA®
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page516 of 648
Page 279
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. But that's your investigation, right?
A. Right.
Q. Okay.
A. Right.
Let's see. Seventy-six.
Q. Okay. And you've talked about her.
Whatever happened to her, do you know?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Haley Robson?
A. No.
Q. She was never charged, as I understand it,
correct?
A.
Q.
Correct.
And after you spoke to her in connection
with your investigation, did you ever speak to her
again?
A. No.
Q.
Okay •
A.
David Rogers, 77.
Q.
And you know him because he was identified
as one of the pilots for Mr. Epstein, right?
A.
Right.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page517 of 648
Page 289
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
in your mind, right? Correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to the form.
THE WITNESS: Yes.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. And you're a peace officer, obligated to
arrest when a felony is committed in your presence,
correct?
A. Correct.
Q.
And the possession of child pornography is
a felony, correct?
A.
Correct.
Q.
And had you seen any child pornography in
Mr. Epstein's house when you were there installing
these cameras, you would have done something about
it, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object for form.
THE WITNESS: Right.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
You wouldn't have just walked out and
said, Nice pics, have a nice day, correct?
A.
Correct.
Q.
So is it fair to say the entire time you
were in Epstein's house, whether it's 2002, 2003,
you did not observe any child pornography, right?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page518 of 648
Page 290
1
2
3
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to the form.
THE WITNESS: Not in the areas I was in.
4 BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
l. You don't recall seeing any pictures of
naked women, do you?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Again, I was only confined
to where that desk was. That's where I set up
the camera, and then after it was set up, I
left.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. Okay. But, again, all I'm asking you is
wherever you were, you didn't see any pictures of
naked women?
A. Right. No, I didn't see any.
Q. And at the time you recall that he had
these surveillance cameras already installed; is
that true? Other cameras, the clock cameras?
MS. SCHULTZ:
Object to form.
THE WITNESS: I'm not sure if he had the
cameras installed or not.
I can't recall.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Why would he need your cameras if he
already had cameras?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page519 of 648
Page 300
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
None of these alleged victims claimed to
have ever traveled with Mr. Epstein, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: No.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. No, they did not? They did not travel
with Mr. Epstein, right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so, no.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
None of them reported that to you?
A.
Not reported, correct.
Q. None of them reported to you that they
ever spent the night with Mr. Epstein, did they?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
None of them ever reported being
trafficked by Mr. Epstein to other men, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form, foundation.
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
The only other men that any of these
alleged victims -- the only man that any of these
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page520 of 648
Page 301
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
alleged victims ever claimed to have any contact
with that was sexual in nature was Mr. Epstein,
correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: Yes.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
l. Okay. None of these alleged victims ever
claimed to have been sent to another location to
have sex with another man, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form and
foundation.
THE WITNESS: I don't believe so.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Meaning my statement is correct; is that
right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
l.
I'm just trying to --
A.
Meaning I don't believe they've ever said
that. I don't recall any of them ever saying...
l. Had they claimed that they were sent
somewhere else to have sex with another man, you
would have followed up on that, correct?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page521 of 648
Page 302
1
2
3
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Correct.
4 BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
5
6
Q. And none of them ever claimed to have been
sent to another location to give another man a
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
massage, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: No, not the victims.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. Right. That's who I'm talking about.
A. I believe I
I did.
Q. Who is an adult, right?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Right.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
We covered this, I believe: None of them
ever was on Mr. Epstein's airplane, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: I believe one of the victims
were, but not to a private island. I think
they went -- they didn't go to a private
island; they went to some other trip.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
I think maybe you're referring to AH, who
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page522 of 648
Page 303
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
went to New York but on a commercial flight. Does
that jog your memory?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: No.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
l. Okay. Do you recall who it is?
A.
It would have been FP.
Q. Okay. Was on Mr. Epstein's airplane?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: I believe so.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Would that be reflected in Exhibit 1?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: But she flew alone.
It
wasn't like Epstein was there. She went
someplace else, not to his private island,
nothing to do with Epstein. It was something
she wanted to do. And I think she flew on his
plane, but it was, like, her by herself.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
l. Alone.
A. Right.
Q. With a pilot?
A. Right.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page523 of 648
Page 304
1
2
3
4
5
6
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. None of the alleged victims in your
investigation claimed to have gone to the Caribbean
island of Little St. James, correct?
7
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
8
THE WITNESS: No.
9
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
10
Q. "No" meaning they never went there,
11
correct?
12
13
14
15
16
17
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Not that I'm aware of.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
None of the alleged victims ever went to
Mr. Epstein's New York residence, to your knowledge,
correct?
18
19
20
21
22
23
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS: Not that I'm aware of.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q. None of them ever reported that to you?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to form.
THE WITNESS:
No.
24
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
25
Q. Okay. And none of them ever claimed to
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page524 of 648
Page 305
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
JOSEPH RECAREY - CONFIDENTIAL
have been outside of the country with Mr. Epstein,
ever, correct?
MS. SCHULTZ: Object to the form.
THE WITNESS: Not that I'm aware of.
MR. PAGLIUCA: Can we go off for a second?
Time check.
THE VIDEOGRAPHER: Off the record at 4:13.
(Thereupon, a recess was taken, after
which the following proceedings were held:)
THE VIDEOGRAPHER: On the record at 4:14.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Q.
Can you take a look at Exhibit 4, please?
A.
Which one is 4?
Q. Four is the True Copy. That's what it
says at the top. Exhibit 4. Six pages.
A. Yes.
Q. Do you have that?
A.
Yes, sir.
Q. There's yellow highlighting on the exhibit
that's in front of you.
Do you know how that got there?
A.
No.
Q. And there's a -- there are numbers, item
numbers.
Do you see that in the left column?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page525 of 648
Page 365
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
CERTIFICATE OF OATH
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF MIAMI-DADE )
I, the undersigned authority, certify
that JOSEPH RECAREY personally appeared before me
and was duly sworn.
WITNESS my hand and official seal this
24th day of June, 2016.
10
11
12
13
14
KELLI ANN WILLIS, RPR, CRR
Notary Public, State of Florida
My Commission No. EE911443
Expires: 2/16/16
++++++++++++++++
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page526 of 648
Page 366
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
CERTIFICATE
STATE OF FLORIDA
)
: SS
COUNTY OF MIAMI-DADE )
I, KELLI ANN WILLIS, a Registered
Professional, Certified Realtime Reporter and
Notary Public within and for The State of
Florida, do hereby certify:
That JOSEPH RECAREY, the witness whose
deposition is hereinbefore set forth was duly
sworn by me and that such Deposition is a true
record of the testimony given by the witness.
I further certify that I am not related
to any of the parties to this action by blood
or marriage, and that I am in no way interested
in the outcome of this matter.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set
my hand this 24th day of June, 2016.
KELLI ANN WILLIS, RPR, CRR
22
23
24
25
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page527 of 648
EXHIBIT HH


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page528 of 648
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 435-3 Filed 09/15/16 Page 2 of 6
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY,
FLORIDA
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072
EDWARDS, et al.,
Plaintiffs / Counterclaim Defendants,
V.
DERSHOWITZ,
Defendant / Counterclaim Plaintiff.
/
AFFIDAVIT OF JUAN P. ALESSI
REGARDING KNOWLEDGE OF ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ
A. Introduction
1. My name is Juan P. Alessi. I make this declaration voluntarily and without
compensation on personal knowledge concerning Alan Dershowitz and his visits at
my former employer Jeffrey Epstein's home in Palm Beach, Florida.
2. I worked for Mr. Epstein from January 1991 to December 2002 as a full-time
employee performing maintenance services and then also became the manager for the
home on 358 El Brillo Way in Palm Beach, Florida.
3. Since Mr. Epstein was investigated and arrested, I have spoken with police,
investigators, and attorneys concerning my time working for Mr. Epstein.
4. On September 8, 2009, I gave a deposition in the case captioned Jane Doe No. 2 v.
Jeffrey Epstein, Case No. 08-CV-80119 in which I truthfully answered the questions
posed by the attorneys. I also gave a sworn statement on November 21, 2005 to
1
GM_01197


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page529 of 648
Case 1:15-cV-07433-RWS Document 435-3 Filed 09/15/16 Page 3 of 6
Detective Joseph Recarey of the Palm Beach P.D. during their investigation of Mr.
Epstein.
5. I have reviewed the statements that Bradley Edwards and Paul Cassell attribute to me
in their papers in the cases against the Government and against Mr. Dershowitz.
Because I do not believe they accurately reflect the statements I previously made, I
submit this affidavit to have my statements accurately reflected and made clear on the
record.
B. Summary of My Knowledge of Massages at Mr. Epstein's Palm Beach Home
6. As I stated in my deposition, a massage was like a treat for all the guests at Mr.
Epstein's home. Mr. Epstein usually received his massages in his private suite, but
guests would also be given massages in their respective rooms or by the pool area.
7. There were between fifty (50) to one hundred (100) masseuses - mostly women but
also some men - who would come to give massages during this time. I provided
names of masseuses in my deposition.
8. As I stated in my deposition, I was unaware of any masseuses being under the age of
18. I believed that the females' age ranged from overage to maybe mid-forties. As I
stated in my deposition, I received as a gift a massage from a male masseuse at Mr.
Epstein's home in Palm Beach.
9. In my deposition, I was asked about cleaning up after massages. I stated that when I
cleaned Mr. Epstein's bedroom suite, which included the bathroom of Ms. Maxwell,
after massages, I would, on occasion, find vibrators and sex toys. I have specific
recollection of finding these items in the sink of Ms. Maxwell's bathroom. I did not
state or imply that vibrators or sex toys were found after massages in other rooms
used by guests because that was not the case. Guests having massages did not have
2
GM_01198


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page530 of 648
Case 1:15-CV-07433-RWS Document 435-3 Filed 09/15/16 Page 4 of 6
massages in Mr. Epstein's private bedroom suite. This area was private and off-limits
to guests, which I explained to the lawyers during my deposition. As I said in my
deposition, massage tables were located in almost every room, including guest rooms
and by the pool. I never found, and never heard anyone in the house finding, a
vibrator or a sex toy in the same room where any guest, including Alan Dershowitz,
had a massage.
10. The following statement made by Virginia Roberts's attorneys in a filing on January
21, 2015 is not accurate and is a misrepresentation of what I said in my deposition:
"The private, upstairs room where Dershowitz got his "massages' was one that
contained a lot of vibrators - Maxwell had 'a laundry basket... full of those toys' in
that room."
C. Summary of My Interaction with Alan M. Dershowitz
11. During the approximate thirteen years I worked for Mr. Epstein, I believe I saw Mr.
Dershowitz visit Mr. Epstein's Palm Beach home approximately four or five times a
year. I recall driving him to the airport on multiple occasions.
12. At the time, I understood that Mr. Dershowitz was a famous lawyer. His visits to the
house would typically involve a group of intellectuals or business men in social, but
professional type gatherings.
13. I can recall that Mr. Dershowitz had a massage on at least one occasion during a visit
to Mr. Epstein's home in Palm Beach (although I cannot recall that Mr. Dershowitz
received a massage on more than one occasion). I do not recall Mr. Dershowitz being
massaged by anyone who I thought was less than 18 years old. I have no reason to
doubt Mr. Dershowitz's statement that this massage was done by a woman named
Olga who was in her forties. In fact, I do remember a masseuse named Olga that
3
GM_01199


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page531 of 648
Case 1:15-CV-07433-RWS Document 435-3 Filed 09/15/16 Page 5 of 6
lived in Palm Beach, though I do not know her last name. As I have said, I never saw
Mr. Dershowitz around young girls. I have also explained that there were masseuses,
both male and female, that were in their mid-forties.
14. I never saw Mr. Dershowitz do anything improper or be present while anyone else
was being improper.
15. Before asking me about Jeffrey Epstein speaking to celebrities at the house, the
attorney for "Jane Doe 102" asked me about Jean Luc Brunel, Mark Epstein, Daniel
Estes, Matt Groening, and Leslie Wexner. I then listed Senator Mitchell, Prince
Andrew, Princess Sarah Ferguson, Miss Yugoslavia, Miss Germany, Alan
Dershowitz, Princess Diana's secretary with her children, Mr. Trump, Mr. Robert
Kennedy, Jr., Frederik Fekkai, and a couple Noble prize winners as celebrities that I
had seen while working for Mr. Epstein. I also mentioned a reunion of Nobel prize
winners that was held at the house, and that I met President Clinton at Mr. Epstein's
plane the last month that I was working for Mr. Epstein.
C. Summary of My Interaction with Virginia Roberts
16. The first time I saw Virginia Roberts was at Mar-a-Lago where I believed she
worked in the spa. I only recall seeing Virginia Roberts come to Mr. Epstein's house
during the last year that I worked for Mr. Epstein. During this time, I believe she
visited Mr. Epstein's home in Palm Beach two or three times a week.
17. 1 never saw any photographs of Virginia Roberts in Mr. Epstein's house. I was
shown a photo of Virginia Roberts during my deposition, and I recognized the woman
in the photo as Virginia Roberts.
18. As I stated in my deposition, I am not sure whether Virginia Roberts came to the
house when Prince Andrew was there.
4
GM_01200


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page532 of 648
Case 1:15-CV-07433-RWS Document 435-3 Filed 09/15/16 Page 6 of 6
19. I was never asked by any attorneys if Virginia Roberts came to the house when Mr.
Dershowitz was there. If I had been asked, I would have answered that I never saw
Virginia Roberts at the house when Mr. Dershowitz was there.
20. The following statement made by Virginia Roberts's attorneys and their own attorney
in a filing on December 4, 2015 is not accurate and is a misrepresentation of what I
said in my deposition: "Alessi was able to identify a photograph of Ms. Giuffre as
someone who was at the mansion as the same time as Dershowitz."
21. As far as I can recall, since I gave my deposition in 2009, I have never been asked by
Brad Edwards or Paul Cassell about my knowledge regarding Virginia Roberts or
Alan Dershowitz or about my 2009 deposition testimony.
I understand that I am swearing or affirming under oath to the truthfulness of the
claims made in this affidavit and that the punishment for knowingly making a false
statement includes fines and/or imprisonment.
Dated: January 13, 2016
STATE OF _
FLORIRA
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH
Sworn to or affirmed and signed before me on J/rUAn 13,
, 201 6
by JUAM PATRICIO, who provided
his drine's
license.
ALESSI
mie 5. Col
NOTARY PUBLIC or DEPUTY CLERK
LIMDAS. COHER
[Print, type, or stamp commissioned name of
LINDA S. COMEN
MY COMANSSION #TFO2Z306
EXPIRES: SEP 20, 2017
Bonded trough lol State indecentl
notary or clerk.
5
GM_01201


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page533 of 648
EXHIBIT II


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page534 of 648
1
1
2
3
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 17TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA
CASE NO. 15-000072
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G.
CASSELL,
Plaintiffs,
5
6
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
-VS-
7 ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ,
CONFIDENTIAL
Defendant.
VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF VIRGINIA ROBERTS GIUFFRE
Saturday, January 16, 2016
9:07 a.m.
2:48 p.m.
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
Reported By:
Deborah A. Harris, Court Reporter
Notary Public, State of Florida
Phone
305.651.0706
Job No. J0277789
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005093
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page535 of 648
2
1 APPEARANCES:
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
On behalf of the Plaintiffs:
Jack Scarola, Esquire
SEARCY, DENNEY, SCAROLA, BARNHART &
SHIPLEY, P.A.
2139 Palm
Beach Lakes
boulevard
west Palm Beach, Florıda 33409
(561) 686-6300
On behalf of the Deponent:
Sigrid McCawley, Esquire
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP
401 East Las Olas Boulevard,
Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
(954) 356-0011
On behalf of the Defendant:
Mary Borja, Esquire
WILEY REIN, LLP
1776 K Street NW
Washington, DC 20006
(202) 719-7000
On behalf of the Defendant:
Richard Simpson, Esquire
WILEY REIN, LLP
1776 K Street NW
Washington, DC 20006
(202) 719-7000
On behalf of the Defendant:
Thomas E. Scott,
Esquire
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A.
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard,
14th Floor
Miami, Florida
33156
(305)
350-5300
On behalf of the Defendant:
sennetn A. sweder
WEDER & ROSS, Lib Esquire
131 Oliver Street.
Boston,
Massachusetts 02110
(617) 646-4466
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005094
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page536 of 648
3
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1 ALSO PRESENT
Edward J. Pozzuoli, Special Master
Pacheco, Videographer
Ryan Kick, Videographer
Bradley J. Edwards
Paul G. Cassell
Alan M. Dershowitz
Brittany N. Henderson,
Meridith Schultz, Esquire
-
INDEX
WITNESS
DIRECT CROSS REDIRECT RECROSS
Virginia Roberts Giuffre
By Ms. Borja
By Mr. Scarola
By Ms. Borja
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
201
-
-
-
204
EXHIBITS
DEFENDANT VR EXHIBITS
- Notice.
Disclosure list.
- Order
- E-mail
5 - Photo (Confidential)
- Article
7 - Daily Mail.
8 - Daily Mail.
9 - Declaration.
10- FBI doc.
REPORTER'S NOTE:
FOR ID
26
59
92
100
124
155
168
170
187
Exhibit 5 marked confidential, sealed,
and retained by the Special Master.
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005095
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page537 of 648
10
1
2
MR. SCAROLA: It is a minor discrepancy,
but I think you read it as when she was a minor
3
and it's while she was a minor.
4 BY MS. BORJA:
5
Q.
While she was a minor. Do you see where
6
I'm reading starting in the third line?
7
A.
Yes.
8
Q. Is that allegation true?
9
A.
Yes.
10
11
12
Q.
If you go to page 6 of the document, do you
see the paragraph that's starts, Epstein also trafficked?
A.
Yes.
13
Q.
Is says Epstein also trafficked Jane Doe #3
14
for sexual purposes to many other powerful men including
15
numerous prominent American politicians, powerful
16
business executives, foreign presidents, a well-known
17 prime minister and other world leaders. Do you see that?
18
A.
Yes.
19
Q.
Is that allegation true?
20
21
A.
Yes.
Q.
The reference there to foreign presidents,
22
23
do you see that?
A.
Yes.
24
Q.
You were sexually trafficked to foreign
25
presidents?
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005102
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page538 of 648
11
1
2
3
4
A.
No.
Q.
So that's not true, you were not sexually
trafficked to foreign presidents?
A.
I don't know what foreign president you're
5 talking about.
6
Q.
Have you ever been sexually trafficked to
7 any foreign president?
8
MS. MCCAWLEY: I'm going to allow you to
9
ask that question, but with respect to specific
identification of an individual we're not going to
10
11
do that. At this point she has.
12
MS. BORJA: Counsel, your objection has
13
been made. No speaking objections, please. Let's
14
move on.
15
16
17
MS. MCCAWLEY: I can make my record, and my
record is she's not going to be speaking with
respect to individuals' names that are named in
18
19
generalities in this document.
SPECIAL MASTER: Objection overruled. You
20
can answer.
21
22
23
24
25
A.
I understand well-known prime ministers and
other world leaders; as far as foreign presidents, I'm
not too sure, I don't know.
Q.
Have you ever met any foreign presidents?
A.
Foreign presidents as in overseas?
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005103
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page539 of 648
12
1
2
3
5
6
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Q.
Sure, okay, overseas.
A.
No.
Q.
Have you ever met any foreign presidents
4 from countries not overseas such as Canada or Mexico?
A.
No.
Q.
So you were not sexually trafficked to any
7 foreign presidents; is that correct?
A.
Q.
As far as I know right now, yes.
It's correct that you were not sexually
trafficked to them, right?
A.
You've asked me this three times and I'm
telling you.
Q.
A.
Q.
Okay. A well-known prime minister. Were
you sexually trafficked to a well-known prime minister?
Yes.
Who was that?
MS. MCCAWLEY: I'm going to object to this
line of questioning. This has to do with safety
concerns for her.
MS. BORJA: Counsel, this is under seal.
You can answer.
MS. MCCAWLEY: No, she's not going to
answer.
SPECIAL MASTER:
Hang on one second.
MS. MCCAWLEY: Let me make my objection.
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005104
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page540 of 648
15
1
2
SPECIAL MASTER: Okay. I can't twist her
arm and force her so we'll deal with it.
3
BY MS. BORJA:
4
Q.
Okay. Other world leaders, what other
5 world leaders were you sexually trafficked to?
MS. MCCAWLEY: We have the same objection.
7
SPECIAL MASTER: And I would have the same
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
ruling based upon the arguments.
MS. MCCAWLEY: Let me just make my record.
To the extent that there's a name of an individual
that you can reveal that you do not feel would
harm your physical safety, you're welcome to
reveal them. Anybody else, you don't have to
reveal at this time and we'll take that to Judge
15
16
17
18
Lynch.
A.
Q.
A.
Okay. Prince Andrew for one.
Other than Prince Andrew?
There is another individual that I honestly
19
do not know his name.
20
Q.
What country is he from?
21
A. I'm not too sure, he spoke in a foreign --
22 he did speak foreign tongue, he spoke English as well,
23
but I'm not too sure where he was from.
24
25
Q.
How do you know he is world leader?
A.
I was introduced to him as a prince.
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005107
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page541 of 648
16
1
Q.
Okay.
Did he have security with him?
2
A.
I'm
sure he did somewhere around, but not
3 when I was with him.
4
Q.
Did you see security?
5
A.
No.
6
Q.
Did you -- where were you when you met him?
7
A.
On this occasion the South of France.
8
Q.
Are there witnesses to you being sexually
9 trafficked to this prince?
10
A.
Yes.
11
12
Q.
Name them.
A.
Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell.
13
14
Q.
Anyone else?
A.
There was a whole bunch of people in the
15
room so of course.
16
17
18
Q.
A.
Q.
Was this an orgy?
No.
Who else was in the room?
19
A.
I can't name them all, there was a lot.
20
Q.
Name as many as you can name?
21
A.
I don't know their names. I can't name
22
their names.
23
Q.
They were present during sexual activity?
24
A.
They were present before the sexual
25
activity and then I went to have sexual activity with him
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005108
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page542 of 648
17
1 alone.
2
Q.
So he's the only witness to your sexual
3
4
activity, the prince?
A.
On the instruction of Epstein and
5 Ghislaine, yes.
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Q.
A.
Where in the South of France were you?
I don't know.
Q.
Were you on a boat, were you in a house?
A.
We were at a like a cabana, not cabana,
like a resort, but it was a big party.
Q.
A.
Who was throwing the party?
I don't know. I was just brought there.
Q.
You also refer to powerful business
executives. What powerful business executives were you
sexually trafficked to?
MS. MCCAWLEY: Again, to the extent you can
reveal somebody without a safety concern you're
welcome to do that.
SPECIAL MASTER: Well, again
--
MS. MCCAWLEY: Right.
I understand.
SPECIAL MASTER: Same objection, same
ruling.
A.
Q.
George Mitchell.
When were you sexually trafficked to George
Mitchell?
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005109
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page543 of 648
64
1
Q.
Do you have the originals?
2
A.
Again, between the FBI and giving them to
3 my lawyers and Sharon Churcher, the circulation, I'm not
4 too sure if I have the originals. I know I have copies.
5 So I'm not too sure if they're the originals.
6
Q.
The booklet that you gave pages from to Ms.
7 Churcher where is that booklet?
8
A.
Burned.
9
Q.
When did you burn it?
10
11
12
A.
had a bonfire.
In, I think it was 2013. Me and my husband
13
14
15
Q.
What did you put in the bonfire?
A.
Any kind of memories that I had written
down about all the stuff going on.
Q.
Had you written anything about Professor
16
17
Dershowitz?
18
A.
Q.
19
A.
He could have been there, yes.
And you burned that?
I wanted to burn my memories. I wanted to
20
get rid of it. It was very painful stuff.
21
Q.
Other than what you had written down did
22 you burn anything else? I don't mean the wood, when you
23
talk about burning your memories, what were you burning?
24
A.
I was burning like memories, thoughts,
25
dreams that I had, just everything that was kind of
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005156
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page544 of 648
65
1
affiliated with the abuse I endured, and there was a lot
2 of it in there. My husband is pretty spiritual so he
3 said the best thing to do would be burn them.
4
Q.
Is there anything you decided to keep and
5 not burn?
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
A.
Just the photographs.
Q.
A.
Anything else that you can think of?
Photographs, that's it.
Q.
Approximately when in 2013 was this
bonfire?
A.
I don't know what month it was.
Q.
Did you do it outside?
A.
Yeah, it was outside. I wasn't going to do
it in my living room.
Q.
Did it feel good to be close to the fire
because it was cold out or was it a summertime bonfire?
A.
I believe I had just bought my house in
Titusville, Florida.
I bought my house in, I think, I
either got it October or November of 2013. It would have
been around probably November.
Q.
A.
Why did you decide to keep the photos?
They're evidence.
Q.
Do you have any photographs of yourselves
with Professor Dershowitz?
A.
No.
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005157
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page545 of 648
85
1 Beach, I've seen him in New York. So I mean, if we're
2 going to pin point how many times I've seen him or the
3 next time I saw
him after that I don't know.
4
Q.
Then tell me -- let's do it this way, what
5
was the most recent time that you recall having sex with
6 Professor Dershowitz?
7
MS. MCCAWLEY: Objection.
8
SPECIAL MASTER: You can answer.
9
A.
The first time I recall having sex with
10
Professor Dershowitz was in New York.
11
Q.
My question was, the most recent time now.
12
What's the most current, most recent memory of having sex
13
with Professor Dershowitz?
14
15
16
17
18
MS. MCCAWLEY: Objection. Just so I'm
clear, you're going backward?
MS. BORJA: Correct.
MS. MCCAWLEY: The last time.
A.
The last time that I remember having sex
19
20
21
22
23
24
with him?
Okay. I believe it was on an airplane.
Q.
Where were you going?
A.
On, I believe it was Massachusetts.
I
don't know. It's very hard for me to remember exactly
where we were going, what were the circumstances.
Q.
So that's the time you testified about
25
earlier?
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005177
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page546 of 648
110
1 age of 30?
Q.
2
3 Epstein?
4
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
there?
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
That were providing massages to Jeffrey
A.
Just the male that was teaching me on the
5 USVI and Sheridan, but she was also involved in sexual
6 acts. She wasn't over the age of -- she could have been
7 around 30, but she would have been over 30.
Q.
Did you keep a list of the masseuses who
came to Epstein's properties?
A.
No.
Q.
A.
Q.
Did some of them come only once?
Uh-huh.
Are there some that came when you weren't
A.
I wasn't there, how am I to know.
Q.
You don't know if any came as a masseuse
while you were not at Jeffrey Epstein's property?
MS. MCCAWLEY: Objection, asked and
answered.
A.
I wasn't there so I couldn't have.
Q.
What's the sixth incident that you say
happened where you were sexually trafficked to Professor
Dershowitz?
A.
We've talked about New York, we talked
about Palm Beach, New Mexico, U.S. Virgin Islands, talked
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005202
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page547 of 648
111
2
3
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
1 about we took the airplane?
Q.
Yes.
A.
There was an instance in a car, but it was
4 more -- it wasn't intercourse, it was more --
MS. MCCAWLEY: Use a term you're
comfortable with.
A.
More oral is the good term to use, oral
sex.
Q.
Where were you? Where was his car, what
city, what state, what jurisdiction? Where were you?
A.
This was in Massachusetts. It was a black
limousine.
Q.
Who else was in the car other than yourself
and Professor Dershowitz?
A.
Q.
Jeffrey Epstein and another young girl.
How many people participated in the sexual
activity in the car?
A.
Including myself?
Q.
Uh-huh.
A.
Four.
Q.
A.
Q.
Where was everybody in the car?
Sitting down.
Were people -- was this a town car, was
this a limousine?
A.
Like a long limousine.
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005203
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page548 of 648
112
1
Q.
2
A.
3
Q.
Where was the car going?
To Mr. Dershowitz' house.
Where was it coming from?
4
A.
An airport.
5
Q.
When was this?
6
A.
I don't know.
7
Q.
What's your best recollection?
8
A.
It wasn't snowing. It wasn't hot. So I
9
would like to say .. I'm trying to think of the trees
10
around, but I don't know, maybe spring.
11
Q.
Why were you going to Professor Dershowitz'
12
house?
13
A.
Jeffrey and him were doing some business.
14
They were doing something at his house. Nothing sexual
15
happened at his house.
16
17
18
Q.
A.
Q.
Did you go in Professor Dershowitz' house?
19
A.
20
Q.
Yes, I did.
How long were you there?
Not even twenty minutes, half an hour.
What did you do while you were in the
21
house?
22
23
A.
I sat in, I don't know, a foyer with
another girl and Jeffrey and Dershowitz went to a
24
different part of the house.
There was a desk there and
25
we just sat, not sat, stood in the foyer.
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005204
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page549 of 648
113
1
2
3
4
5
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Q.
A.
Q.
Who was this other girl?
I don't know who she is.
Had you ever met her before?
No.
Q.
6 you flown in?
When you were coming from the airport had
A.
in, Dershowitz had not.
Q.
Yes, me and Jeffrey and the girl had flown
How did he get into the limousine?
MS. MCCAWLEY: Objection.
SPECIAL MASTER: You can answer.
BY MS. BORJA:
Q.
A.
Q.
A.
Q.
the car?
A.
Q.
Where did he get into the limousine?
At the airport.
He was not on a flight with Mr. Epstein?
Not on this occasion.
Did you tell anybody about this incident in
Like anybody that I know personally?
Anybody in the world?
MS. MCCAWLEY: Objection to the extent you
relayed something to your lawyer. You can say
that you told your lawyers but you can't discuss
what you said.
SPECIAL MASTER:
Other than --
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005205
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page550 of 648
114
1
A.
2
Q.
3 time to the event?
4
A.
5 no.
6
Q.
7 where did you go?
8
A.
9
Q.
10
A.
11
Q.
12
you go?
13
14
15
16
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
No, I told my lawyers.
Did you tell anybody about it closer in
Like my boyfriend or something like that,
After you left Professor Dershowitz's house
Back to the airport.
Where did you fly in from?
I believe it was New York.
When you went back to the airport where did
A.
I believe, see, that's the hard thing. I
want to say either New York or Palm Beach. I'm no 100
percent sure.
Q.
So I understand the time frame, did you fly
17 in on a private jet or commercial?
A.
Private.
Q.
You flew out again on private?
A.
Yes.
Q.
were on the plane?
A.
Yes.
So the time frame is that you and Jeffrey
MS. MCCAWLEY: Objection.
MS. MCCAWLEY: Objection, mischaracterizes
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005206
CONFIDENTIAL


1
2
3
4
5
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page551 of 648
115
the testimony.
A.
together.
Q.
A.
Q.
A.
Q.
Go ahead.
Yes, me and Jeffrey were on the plane
And the girl was on the plane?
Yes.
Anybody else?
The pilots.
So the three of you took the flight,
correct?
A.
Yes.
Q.
And you flew into an airport in
Massachusetts?
A.
Yes.
Q.
Then you took a limousine to the
Professor's house and you were there for about ten
minutes, is that right?
MS. MCCAWLEY: Objection. Go ahead.
A.
About 20, 25 minutes.
I didn't look at my
watch.
Q.
A.
Q.
you flew out?
A.
Q.
A very brief period of time?
Very brief.
And then you went back to the airport and
Yes.
And you flew back either to New York or to
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005207
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page552 of 648
194
1
A.
Besides what's in these?
2
Q.
Did you ever look to see if you had any
3 personal notes in your writing that pertain to Professor
4
Dershowitz?
5
A.
Like from my old journal, the one that I
6 burned?
7
Q.
From anywhere.
Did you ever make an effort
8
to look?
9
A.
Dershowitz could have been in my journal,
10 he could have been. We're talking about an 85 page, if
11
12
13
not more, you know, things that I had written to get my
story out of my head and into pages; and yes, Dershowitz
could have been in there, but that's up in the clouds
14
now, bonfire.
15
Q.
That's what you call your journals, what
16
you burned, right?
17
18
19
A.
Yes.
Q.
collect your thoughts?
And you wrote that journal in order to
20
A.
To get everything out of here and on to
21
paper.
22
23
24
25
Q.
Have you made any other notes, though,
since then to help you when you think of things?
A.
Yes, sometimes like I said, sometimes when
I read my affidavits
and stuff like that, you know, and I
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005286
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page553 of 648
195
1 think of something else like a description of something
2 that I forget about, you know what I mean, then yeah,
3 I'll go back and I'll write it in the journal, you know,
4 for instance, you know, what another girl would have
5 looked like. Even though I can't identify her name or
6 her age or anything like that, but I do remember like
7 flashes of blonde, little things like that, but nothing
8
-- I don't have any more journals.
9
Q.
But those notes, they help your memory?
10
A.
Sometimes. I'm a very visual person.
11
Q.
And they help you with your affidavits?
12
A.
No, they don't help me with my affidavits,
13
my affidavits are already done, I just go back and it
14
helps my memory. It helps me bring stuff out.
15
Q.
What do you do with those notes?
16
A.
Nothing, literally nothing. They're in a
17 notebook that if I need to write it down. I have a dream
18
notebook as well where I'll just write down my dreams and
19
stuff. I do nothing, no one is seeing it.
20
Q.
You read it? You keep it?
21
A.
22
23
Q.
Yeah, I keep it.
Okay.
Have you gone back and read that
recently?
24
A.
No.
25
Q.
Okay. You continue to make entries into
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005287
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page554 of 648
196
1 it?
2
A.
Not so much about Dershowitz. It's mostly
3 like feelings, dreams, you know, past things that I've
4 gone through. Like I said, not so much pertaining to
5 Dershowitz himself.
6
Q.
7
A.
And that's separate from your dream book?
No, it's all in one.
8
9
Q. Is it a spiral bound notebook?
A.
Yes, it's just a cheap, like, actually it's
10
in my kid's closet.
11
Q.
At this point in time are you angry with
12
Mr. Epstein?
13
14
A.
Furious.
Q.
Are you angry with Professor Dershowitz?
15
A.
Absolutely.
16
17
18
Q.
Are you angry with famous politicians?
A.
I'm angry with anybody who has it in their
mind that they can hurt and abuse a minor child and
19
continue to lie about getting away with it and that what
20
21
22
23
they've done is okay and they can continue to harass
victims, yes, I'm furious.
Q.
Are you angry with Professor Dershowitz for
his role in representing Jeffrey Epstein in the criminal
24
action?
25
A.
Do I think he played a big part getting him
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE005288
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page555 of 648
213
1
2
3
4
5
CERTIFICATE OF
0A TH
STATE OF FLORIDA,
COUNTY OF DADE,
7
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
I, Deborah A. Harris, the undersigned
8 authority and Notary Public certify that VIRGINIA ROBERTS
9 GIUFFRE personally appeared before me and was duly sworn
on the 16th day of January, 2016.
Sworn to before me this 20th day of
January, 2016.
Deborah A.
Harris, Court Reporter
Notary Public - State of Florida
My Commission No. FF 246867
My Commission Expires: October 31,
2019
Job No. JO277789
GIUFFRE005305
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page556 of 648
214
1
REPORTER'S CERTIFICATE
2
I, Deborah A. Harris, Florida Professional
3
Court Reporter and Notary Public
in and for the State of
Florida at Large, do hereby certify that I was authorized
4 to and did
report
said deposition
in stenotype; and that
the foregoing pages 1 through 216 are a true and correct
5 transcription of my shorthand notes of said deposition.
I further certify that said deposition was
taken at the time and
• place hereinabove set forth and
7 that the taking of said deposition was commenced and
completed as hereinabove set out.
I further certify that I am not an attorney
or counsel of any of the parties, nor am I a relative or
employee of any attorney or counsel of party connected
with the action, nor am I financially interested in the
action.
The foregoing certification of this
transcript does not apply
to any
• reproduction of the same
by any means unless under the direct control and/or
direction of the certifying reporter.
DATED this 20th day of January, 2016.
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Deborah A. Harris, Court Reporter
Job No. J0277789
GIUFFRE005306
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page557 of 648
EXHIBIT JJ


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page558 of 648
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP
40I EAST LAS OLAS BOULEVARD • SUITE 1200 • FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301-22|| • PH. 954.356.001| • FAX 954.356.0022
CONFIDENTIAL/SEALED DEPOSITION
SPECIAL TREATMENT REQUIRED
Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq.
E-mail: smccawley@bsfllp.com
February 10, 2016
VIA E-MAIL & FEDERAL EXPRESS
Esquire Solutions
PRODUCTION DEPARTMENT
101 Marietta Street
Atlanta, Georgia 30303
errata@esquiresolutions.com
Re:
Confidential/Sealed Deposition Transcript, Job No. J02777789
(Errata changes to be treated in same manner).
To Whom It May Concern:
Attached please find the errata changes for the Videotaped Deposition of Virginia
Roberts Giuffre taken January 16, 2016. This transcript has been designated as Confidential and
has been sealed by the Court. Please ensure that all materials including transcript, errata changes
and video tape are treated accordingly.
If you have any questions regarding the errata changes or treatment of confidential/sealed
materials, please do not hesitate to contact me at 954) 356-0011.
Sincerely,
Sigrid S. MeCawley
SSM:sp
Enclosures
WWW.BSFLLP.COM
GIUFFRE005310
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page559 of 648
1
Confidential/Sealed Transcript Pursuant to Court Order
Videotaped Deposition of Virginia Roberts Giuffre (January 16, 2016)
Job No. 0277789
DEPOSITION ERRATA SHEET
215
2
3 Assignment no: J0277789
4 Bradley 1. Edwards and paul G. Cassell
5 vS.
6 Alan M. Dershowitz
8
DECLARATION UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY
9
10
I declare under penaity of perjury that I
11 have read the entire transcript of my videotaped
12 deposition taken in the captioned matter or the same has
13 been read to me, and the same is true and accurate, save
14 and except for changes and/or corrections, if any. as
1.5 indicated by me on the DEPOSITION ERRATA SHEET hereof,
16 with the understanding that I offer these changes as if
17 still under oath.
18
19
20 20|62.
21
Signed on the
1L
day of
22
23
NobL
21
VIRGINIA ROBERTS GIUFFRE
25
GIUFFRE005311
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page560 of 648
Confidential/Sealed Transcript Pursuant to Court Order
Videotaped Deposition of Virginia Roberts Giuffre (January 16, 2016)
Job No. J0277789
DEPOSITION ERRATA SHEET
Page No. 6
Line No. 17
Change to: "Yes. I signed the subpoena duces tecum."
Reason for change: Did not initially recognize the document
Page No. 6
Line No. 20
Change to: "No. My lawyers worked with me to collect documents and my understanding
is that we turned those documents over to Dershowitz's counsel prior to the deposition."
Reason for change: Clarification of answer
Page No. 9
Line No. 9
Change to: "Yes."
Reason for change: Did not initially recognize the document
Page No. 11
Line No. 1
Change to: "Yes."
Reason for change: Misunderstood the question
Page 11
Line Nos. 4-5
Change to: "I'm confused, I don't know what foreign president you're talking about."
Reason for change: Misunderstood the question
Page No. 11
Line No. 23
Change to: "I understand well-known prime ministers and other world leaders; as far as
foreign presidents, I believe so."
Reason for change: Misunderstood the question
Page No. 12
Line No. 2
Change to: "Yes, assuming South America is considered overseas."
Reason for change: Misunderstood the question
Page No. 12
Line No. 8
Change to: "As far as I know right now, yes, I was."
GIUFFRE005312
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page561 of 648
Confidential/Sealed Transcript Pursuant to Court Order
Videotaped Deposition of Virginia Roberts Giuffre (January 16, 2016)
Job No. J0277789
Reason for change: Misunderstood the question
Page No. 38
Line No. 11
Change to: "I'II continue with the list here. Nadia Marcinkova I was not sent to her, but
she was part of it with Jeff Epstein. Others on the list include Marvin Minsky and Tom
Pritzker."
Reason for change: Clarification of answer
Page 38
Line 19
Change to: "Off the top of my head, once, but it could have been more."
Reason for change: Clarification of answer
Page No. 38
Line No. 21
Change to: "I believe Tom was at Mexico. I may have also been with him in other
places."
Reason for change: Clarification of answer
Page No. 41
Line No. 8
Change to: "On an airplane and in a limo."
Reason for change: Clarification of answer
Page No. 41
Line No. 10
Change to: "One, each time."
Reason for change: Clarification of answer
Page No. 41
Line No. 12
Change to: "On airplane, blond, young."
Reason for change: Clarification of answer
Page No. 98
Line No. 16
Change to: "As you can see in that answer I'm not even sure. It wasn't six months, but
between six months and a year which is why I'm saying nine months. It was an
assumption. It could have been six weeks."
Reason for change: Clarification of ansiver
GIUFFRE005313
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page562 of 648
Confidential/Sealed Transcript Pursuant to Court Order
Videotaped Deposition of Virginia Roberts Giuffre (January 16, 2016)
Job No. J0277789
Page No. 190
Line No. 22
Change to: "No, other than maybe you showing it to me today. It's in my pile. It's not in
my pile, is it? I don't know. I haven't seen it. I was served with the subpoena, and I
signed for it, and I reviewed it at that time."
Reason for change: Clarification of answer
Page 191
Line 5
Change to: "Why would I do - no. I did collect documents and gave them to my lawyers
in response to this subpoena. And my understanding is those documents were
produced."
Reason for change: Misunderstood the question
Page 191
Line 20
Change to: "Yes, but I did not have any pictures of myself with Professor Dershowitz."
Reason for change: Misunderstood the question
GIUFFRE005314
CONFIDENTIAL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page563 of 648
EXHIBIT KK


The Billionaire's Playboy Club
By Virginia Roberts
To my true love Robbie who believes in me every step of the way and
to all of my children, you are all my very inspirations!
Chapterl
Every single person in this shared world together has a unique story of
his or her own to tell, this one is mine.
It was coming up to my third night camping out at Miami Beach in the
summer of 1997. 1 was thirteen years old and hiding from a world full of
hurt. Sitting on the shoreline for hours watching the sunset fall deeper
into the horizon, my eyes were glazed over with tears, not from being
wind-whipped by the rough sea breeze, but from reflecting on the abuse I
encountered as a young girl and how everyone in my life who was
supposed to be there for me had now turned their backs on me in
abandonment. My fears crept up and the excitement of escaping all of
them faded now realizing how alone I really was now, and for the hunger
that was paining my belly. At this point, with nowhere to go and only
time to waste, I wiped the tears from my eyes and set out to find an
empathetic person that I could manage to get dinner money from. If not,
it wouldn't have been the first time I had gone hungry for the night. I
walked to the nearest bus stop and asked a handful of people for any
spare change, none of whom that could help me. Sitting down on a
nearby curb disappointed in grief of my current state, I put my head into
Jut of nowhere, it seemed, a black stretch limousine turned the come
und stopped in front of the curb where I had been hopelessly lost. The
back door opened to reveal a heavy weight and balding, old man with a
big cheesy smile. Neatly dressed in black trousers and a collared shirt, he
was sitting next to a striking young, blonde girl, drop dead beautiful and
dressed in a foxy red mini dress she looked like a model just stepping off
a runway.
Their smiles greeted me warmly and he kindly asked, "What is such a
sweet little girl like you doing sitting alone on the street looking so
upset?" Shocked from this strangers concern I was hesitant in telling him
the truth. Reluctantly I decided to tell him that I was a runaway, not from
around here and really hungry. Hoping at most, I would get some money
for food from him. He instantly displayed a chilling excitement and
offered me to come into his car so we could talk some more. That
should've been my first queue to get out of there quick but with no where
to go, and so naïve I didn't realize how much worse it could get. Setting
foot into that limo, I made my first entrance into a world that would
entrap me for many years to come.
He introduced himself immediately as Ron Eppinger, a businessman
and owner of a successful modeling agency, called "Perfect 10"
Flaunting his oozing wealth by introducing one of his many girlfriends,
the beauty next to him was Yana, a supposed model from the Czech
Republic who looked like she could be in her early twenties with the
heavy load of makeup she was wearing, but really was only in her late
teens. She kissed me on both cheeks and politely said "Hello" in a thick
Czech accent, making me feel a little more at ease. Convinced it couldn't
be that bad there was another girl in the car, right? I couldn't be more
What he didn't tell me to begin with was that his modeling agency was
only posing for an undercover trade. By the time I found out I thought it
was too late to run. His business was really an illegal immigrant
trafficking ring of young women mostly consisting of underage girls that
he was using as escorts to make him uber rich. Only available to a
selective clientele costing them anywhere from $1000.00 and over per
hour of erotic entertainment, the girls were trained to fulfill every sexual
desire asked of them, no matter how bizarre the requests might be. The
high paid escorts, for Ron's super rich clientele, such as Yana and many
other charismatic beauties would only benefit a fraction of their earnings
for themselves, Ron reaping in the majority of the financial rewards and
being they were all illegal immigrants they were further trapped by his
I proceeded to introduce myself, besides what he had found out about
me on the curbside. Telling him my name and a little about how I ended
Case 18-2868,
headstrong teenager, I refused to give in. He asked my age and I told hi
I was sixteen at first. He coyly replied, "Are you sure? I think you could
be telling me a fib? How old are you... really? I wont be mad" Being a
terrible liar, I knew had been caught out and couldn't deny it any further.
I told him the truth and he chuckled then paused and answered in a ver
Real away " Andered to myse entic do me nain vi ne you in.
He gave the driver the location of our destination and rolled the middle
window back up to then tell me a story of how his daughter had passed
away seven years ago from a horrific car accident in which four othe
cens were killed and he has never gotten over it. I reacted with shee
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page564 of 648
• Copyright Protected Material
1. Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004134
EXHIBIT
8
Giuffre
AGREN BLANDO REPORTING
513|16 KAM
GIUMFRE004135


of life was just mind blowing to even comprehend at first. With such a
new outlook of the world to try and grasp at my young age I was listening
to every word spoken to me with such attentiveness, I was going to try
and model what I was observing from the girls. I justified their way of
thinking in my head for now, thinking if all these girls seem happy
enough, why couldn't I try to be, it was this or the streets for me.
Ron came back for me not long after our conversation got out of hand
and took me to a bathroom down the hall. He opened the tap and filled a
small plastic cup with water and handed me two small blue oval pills.
Telling me to take them both as they would help me to relax a little bit
more. I swallowed the pills just following his orders. I put the cup on the
counter top and turned back around to face him. Backing me up against
the wall and now cornered by this large man I felt his slithering hands
began to creep under my shirt, writhing my skin. I closed my eyes tightly
and turned my head away from him, hoping he would take my actions as
a sign of being extremely uncomfortable but that wouldn't bother him at
all. He was half enjoying my reaction from the smug look on his face,
Continuing to undress my clothes he said he wanted to look me over
and clean me up. It was so humiliating having to expose myself to this
ageing man and now I knew he was going to end up with his hands and
whatever else all over me. All too soon I hated to be right, as I stood
naked before his widened eyes, he told me "you're a hairy bugger I'll
have to shave you right up young lady", and I didn't know he wasn't just
talking about my legs. Standing with my legs wide apart while this man
coaxed me through the entire ordeal of shaving, his hands made me feel
so dirty. "Have I lost my mind?" I thought to myself but I had to play
nice until I had an opportunity to get away, this was not as fun as the girls
made it out to be after all, this was utterly disgusting. I had no idea what
was going to happen next with this guy, and due to whatever
pharmaceuticals he gave me, I still don't know to this day.
introduced me to his business partner and told to go get dressed. He had
my whole day planned out for me already. Booked into get my hair
colored, a much lighter tint of blonde, and afterwards a day of shopping
with the girls I was becoming exactly what he wanted me too, a carbon
copy of the teenage Barbie.... only I wasn't plastic and came with many
benefits.
Days turned into weeks, being a servant to the sexual desires of this
distorted pervert. I dreamt of escaping but where would I go and how
would I get away from Ron with him controlling my every second of my
day. Separating myself from the other girls being so uncomfortable with
enduring the everyday occurrences I was longing for the solitude of the
beach again. They were training me up to be an escort prodigy or
something like it. Outrageous orgies were conducted as my lessons with
the girls teaching me all of their tricks in the game, it was all for the sake
of men's perverted fantasies, they didn't get anything from being sexually
exploited and molesting each other, except getting paid for it. Everything
from oral sex too penetration with toys, I was expected to not only to join
in but even perform ludicrous acts of hedonism.
I was Thirteen years old and had never heard the terminology of these
sexual acts before, and definitely shouldn't have been learning them first
hand. Thrown into a world of chaos, I didn't know what to do except be
as compliant as possible, even when asked to do the most degrading
tasks. The excitement of the lifestyle he offered quickly diminished once
I had to pay so dearly for it. The girls that subdued to this lifestyle and
enjoyed it definitely put on a good act, but no little girl with hopes and
dreams of their untainted future, turns to her mother and say's "one day I
dream of being a prostitute, passed around from man to man, only to
Case 18-2868,
Ron's voice from two of the men but not recognizing the other guys I just
stayed quiet hoping they'd soon leave. Ron was telling the other man
'hat atrocities he got up to the night before with me and I heard him say
Doesn't she even look like an angel the way she sleeps? She's my ow
little angel!" He exclaimed proudly. I opened my eyes and rolled over to
face them both having to wrap the sheets over my body, really not
knowing what to say except "Good-morning" in a blushful tone. Ron
luch, of course due to Ron and the girls determining everything 1 wor
te, or spoke. We would spend our days at hair laser clinics, shoppin
tanning beds, and eating as little as possible. Through the nights we were
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page565 of 648
6
O Copyright Protccted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004138
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUF-RE004139


sympathy and gave him my pity, believing this man had a heart. His next
proposal was eerie, he said," If you wanted, I can be your new Daddy.
Someone to take care of you and you'll be my new baby forever" he
stroked my hair such as a caring parent would comfort a scared child. A
part of me wanted to accept his words and believe he really could feel
that way, and then I also considered how hard it was living on the streets.
In the end I convinced myself this would be the lesser of two evils.
The car stopped at a plaza on the water, surrounded by little boutique
shops, restaurants, and little stalls with items for sale like sunglasses and
costume jewelry. I didn't know what to say or do or how to act, it all
happened so fast I just went along with everything he said, for now.
We went to a take out restaurant and ate on the waterside, and
afterwards he took me to G.A.P Kids co. to dress me in his idea of proper
attire, tiny cutoff shorts revealing the cusp of my buttocks and some shirts
that barely fit, even the sales assistant was shocked at what she thought
was my Grandfathers choice in clothing. I couldn't even believe it myself
only an hour ago I was begging for money living on the streets and now I
was dining alfresco and shopping at name brand outlets. We then hit a
couple of more specialty stores afterwards. He said he had to buy me a
few more necessities to start with. Lacy G-strings and what looked to me
like lingerie pieces I had only seen grown women wearing in magazine
ad's or movies was now a part of my wardrobe, in my mind it was a big
step up from being a little girl any longer.
The driver took us back to Ron's grand apartment overlooking the isle
of Key Biscayne and a large bridge leading into a Miami Harbor.
Entering his residence, I was blown away by the spectacular view, rich
décor, and white marble floors that were so glossy it looked as if I was
stepping on glass. He took my shopping bags to a large room at the back
of the apartment and put them into a small closet. The room was
considerably large with glass exterior walls that maximized the potential
of the panorama landscape soaking in the seascape of Miami. In the room
was a gigantic round bed raised off the floor by three steps and mirrors on
the ceiling. It looked like a honeymoon suite out of a raunchy hotel. He
then exclaimed, "This is my room here and you will be sharing it with
me" When I asked him where I would sleep he then sickly replied "With
me silly, where else of course?" With no room for argument I pretended
to be O.K with everything that my common sense was screaming out in
Next I was taken down a long hall at the other end of the apartment to
meet five more exotic beauties. Three girls were in their late teens and the
other two in were in their early twenties. All of them were from the
Czech, here under false passports provided by Ron and his contacts. Yana
held my hand while introducing me to the group of girls as "Baby" a pet
name she came up with for me, being I was the youngest one among them
or ever to be brought in by Ron for that matter. It became my new
identity not even worrying to mention my real name to anyone anymore.
My identity was no longer important to myself, I wanted to become
someone new and "Baby" is who I was.
A shocking first impression, the girls were completely nude revealing
their voluptuous young bodies with such a careless ease and others were
in just a G-string, similar to the one's Ron had bought me earlier. They
were all stunning girls and full of life. Charismatic and beautiful, they
were the girls who should be on the front of billboards not selling their
bodies to old crewed men for sex. Doing each other's make-up in front of
the mirror and chatting away on the bed with no care in the world, aiming
at persuading me to see the highlights of the life Ron gave them and they
almost did. Ron left the room for a few moments, letting us all get to
know each other a little better and that's when I started to compile an
understanding of what really went on here.
Just catching a bit of their conversation from before my introduction, I
heard them chatting about the night they were preparing for. Speaking
excitedly about some men they would be entertaining in a few hours, one
girl was talking about going out to sea with one o these clients on a yacht
for a few days. Since none of the girls seemed shy to talk about their
professions or anything for that matter, I decided to ask them a few
questions about what they did. They were more than happy to expand on
their point of view in the conversation, attempting to paint a pretty picture
of what they were paid to do.
They all began to jump up and down with excitement like giddy school
girls at a slumber party. Another girl with jet-black hair and a thick
accent, wearing absolutely nothing at all, grabbed me onto the bed with
them and into their fiasco, instantly making me feel accepted into their
sorority, like I actually belonged somewhere for once. Yana went on to
xplain a little more in detai
"We accompany the wealthy friends of
on. They want only beautiful girls by their side so we come and a
lowever they want us too but most importantly we make them think w
vant them back too." Other girls began to jump in with their vivid point
of view while playing with my hair, they were taking turns brushing and
styling it as they were filling my head with all of the prospects I could
have as an escort too. They made me feel beautiful like them, too
beautiful for what a girl beyond my years should feel. I was simply being
lured into a dangerous trap, just like they had been at a young age too.
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page566 of 648
I. Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004136
Copyright Protected Mate
NFIDENTI
CIUFFRE004137


I would always dread the end of every night, fearing what new desires
he had in-store for the evening. Sometimes he would hurt me and tell me
to try and enjoy it then do it over and over again until I gave him exactly
what he wanted, I always resisted until I could no more, he was too
overpowering and relentless at getting the results he wanted. At other
times he could be so gentle and caress my skin, worshiping every inch of
my body, all relying upon on what mood he was in. Often though he liked
to play the teacher role and instruct me on every motion and explain what
would happen when I did those certain things to him. No matter what he
did to me I was only disgusted with myself more and more. I still shudder
at the thought of how he used my body.
I turned fourteen in August that same year and was spending my
birthday loaded on a concoction of pharmaceuticals and alcohol, being
generously supplied by the very man who swore his devotion to caring
for my every need. I didn't even know myself any longer, completely
shying away from the girl I had grown up to be until to this point. The
apartment was empty except for me, for the time being, and that was
God's own little present for me...some solitude for once I thought.
Pouring myself another drink I opened the sliding glass doors to the
balcony and walked to the edge. Looking down from the many stories
where Ron's apartment was, I wished myself a happy birthday out loud
and wondered if my family even remembered the day's occurrence.
Dwelling in my sadness for the fourteen years of suffering and
loneliness I had already endured, the tears swelled up in my eyes,
trickling downwards making my eyeliner inevitably leak down my
cheeks. Inside I felt so trapped and began to entertain the thought of
jumping over the edge, it all seemed much easier, and the simple
blackness that death had to offer rather than the tangled mess I was so
tired of fighting to get out of seemed a much easier approach. Detached
from wanting to feel anything, 1 became so numb towards my life's own
tragedies. I couldn't live like this any longer. I lifted my bare legs over
the edge of the railing and sat looking at the ground beneath me so close
to even just slipping off the edge to my very death. I couldn't think of any
reason not to fall. I thought I had made too many bad decisions to keep
zoing on but some force of a higher nature had other things in store for
me.
le sliding door slammed open with a burst of speed and Ron scoope
a un in his big arms and brought me inside to our bedroom. Laving m
down and seeing the look of despair in my eyes from my tear stained face
he went into the bathroom cupboard and returned with three pink pills
Forcing me to swallow them using the angered tone of his voice he
thought he was turning my sorrows into a distant dream as I passed out in
his tight clutches, crying myself all the way to sleep. He didn't even ask
me what was wrong, probably because he knew already.
Soon enough the crumbling of his evil empire in the underworld of
selling sex for his own advantage began with a single crack in his perfect
scheme, and proudly it all started with me. Ron got a scare one-day and
rampaged through his apartment telling us giris to only pack our
important belongings and some clothes as we all had to leave right away.
I didn't have much belonging to me so I basically sat there watching
everyone rush around frantically and was curious what could've gotten a
man like Ron so scarred. Once we were packed up and in the limo he was
trying to calm the frantic girls down after all the panic that spread through
the apartment like wildfire, 1 was the only one sitting there half amused at
He began by assuring us that everything was going to be fine. Calmly
he continued to tell all of us packed in tightly, even for a limo, that we
were all taking a long trip to Florida's countryside because someone has
reported an anonymous tip to the missing persons unit at the local police
station identifying a very young girl as a possible victim of abuse living
at his apartment. Ron knew what a landmine of trouble he had brought
upon himself making an exhibition out of me on the streets of Miami, I
didn't pull off the older look like the other girls, I actually looked
younger than my age with my blue eyes and freckles always giving the
impression of my youthful innocence.
Now he just had to do whatever it took to ensure he stayed as far away
from the authorities as possible. Arriving at a ranch in central Florida
many hours later and I assumed it belonged to Ron knowing never to ask
him things like that. I knew my purpose and it wasn't prying into his
Not surprisingly I began to despise Ron and all of the girls for the
gross exploits they made me do with them. Beginning to isolate mysel!
from everyone I'd rather spend my time sitting under a tree watching the
• Copyright Protocted Material
CONHIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004140
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page567 of 648


rhythm I was constantly being criticized for my efforts in pleasing him. I
was eager when he actually gave me a compliment. The rest of the
evening was always a surprise left up to a moments notice. Quite
regularly he would proceed with having the girls dress me up in some
sexy outfit and loads of makeup then entertain him with a lesbian
reenactment revolving him in the center. Sometimes they would use
dildos and other foreign sex toys, Ron liked to see us hurt during sex,
sometimes even penetrating me anally but I always resisted and would try
to redirect him with another sexual desire of his but I had no excuses
when it came to me having to use the sex toys on him, he told me how
men have g-spots in their rectum and instructed me on how to precisely
penetrate him. These nights went on what seemed like an eternal sentence
for the price of not living on the streets, where unfortunately for the one's
still there, I feared and knew from my own personal experience, could be
much worse.
Needing some contact with someone of my adolescent mentality I
called one of my school friends from the past, whom I wont name out of
privacy, but I'll call him T.J. We were so close and I knew very well, so
well, I had memorized his number a long time before. He was my first
puppy love sprung from of a childhood friendship. Being my very first
crush the summer before all of this happened he was the only person I
could think of that would care enough to talk to me.
In the middle of the day, the least busy time to be noticed, I snuck into
one of the vacant guest rooms and used the phone to call my good friend.
The sound of my voice radiated a chill in him. "It's you, oh my God
Jenna! Are you okay?" he was so shocked to hear from me and the sheer
fact I was still alive. Nearly three months now without a single word to
my family or friends, every one doubted my return. My attempt to forge a
happy voice when I spoke to him failed and I absolutely crumbled when
he was at a loss for kind words for me. I told him of my current state of
affairs. Telling him of Ron and how I was terrified of him, trying to
escape in the middle of nowhere was useless. It was like being kept in
cage that I was unable to break free from. Going on to dump my issues on
T.J, I proceeded with how I longed to call my family and to be with my
hem for good but was too afraid they didn't want me, knowing I'd just
be sent away somewhere else again and to me after all this time was like
going from one cage to another.
le had been called by them numerously and promised me that they
vere very worried and even hired private investigators to try and find me.
Given 1 was eleven vears old the first time I was sent away, my trust in
there sincerity he spoke about was seriously doubted. I kept the
conversation short iust in case my absence was being noticed and I left or
he note that I would speak to him again shortly. His attempts to get oft
the phone were nothing short of desperate plea to keep me on as long as
possible. I thought he was just trying to help in someway. Giving him
assurance in the fact I had survived this long obviously I can hold off a
while longer I gave him my love and told him I'd be in touch.
Thinking I had slipped away unnoticed I entered into the room that I
shared with Ron, hoping I got away with my brief and very needed phone
call. The place looked empty and everyone else seemed to be out and
about so I decided to have a bath in the spa and try to relax before the
night's precautions. My body glided into the steamy water as I began to
think about T.J and how good it felt just to hear from a friendly voice. My
thoughts drifted into the days I missed when I felt I could be silly and
childlike and I nearly forgot for a moment how grown up I was acting
these days.
the water was daunting. There was Ron was standing over my tub,
looking down at me with an eager display of his arousal. He began to
undo his pants and take them down when he told me "put your lips on my
cock", I was too slow in responding to his request so he grabbed me by
the back of the head and forced me into his groin. I had tears streaming
down my face as I looked up to him with the saddest blue eyes hoping he
would take pity and stop, but he never did. I was really hurt by his
aggression and he definitely knew it this time, which I believe only made
him more heated. I closed my eyes and began to count using the time to
keep iny thoughts elsewhere believing every number I counted only
furthered me to the end of this. I just got over a hundred when he finally
exploded in fulfillment still half submerged in the deep bath I was
struggling to gain my bearings in as Ron was picked me up out of the
bath and carried me to go to the bedroom, which was just outside the
rench adjoin doors. Still damp from the hot water in the spa I had goos
bumps from the chill of the fresh air where he brought me to the bed an
Iro were to deep ver a be heated and wo, Even car yo trough the
years to come.
wrapped in the sheets, sobbing in the dark. My feelings of being hurt and
disgusted after his abusive ordeal "When will it ever stop" I prayed te
God and beared for death rather than face another day in my life. I woke
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page568 of 648
10
O Copyright Protoctod Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004142
opyrıgnt Proiccrea Mat
NFIDENT
GIUM-RE004143


Starting my day with a few of the supplied oxytocin's and a bloody
mary, made by the live-in house chef. Having two celery sticks for my
breakfast, I wanted to lye out by the pool and forget the world. Ron hated
tan-lines so to be caught with a bikini top on was a big no-no in his rule
book but after my cries to stop were so blatantly ignored last night, I was
out to piss him off so I didn't remove my shirt. I put on my headphones
and before I knew it had fallen into a deep slumber from my self-made
therapeutic cocktail, the only way I knew how to cope with the emotional
Desperate to hear his voice I called my friend T.J a few more times that
week. I needed to feel like someone out there really knew me. Sometimes
we could just chat like old friends with no care in the world and laugh at
1 distant memory from too long ago. Then would come the good-bye par
of the conversation and we would both get teary-eyed not knowing what
could happen next or if this would even be the last time we ever spoke to
My biggest fear came to reality when I was in our bedroom one
afternoon, just lounging around out of boredom. Ron came bursting in
through the door, red as a tomato. I couldn't help but feeling I was in big
rouble. His face was distorted and raging towards me. I knew right away
he must have found out that I was calling T.J, but how, I had no idea. I
had always tried to be as invisible as possible, soon enough it was all
"Are you trying to get me caught? You are nothing but a stupid girl
you know that! What am I supposed to do with you now?" He was
tearing up the room while his rants gave me something else to think
about. What would he do with me if he had no use for me any longer? I
wasn't even thinking about him being caught for soliciting illegal
immigrants for the purpose of prostitution. I was more worried that he
them that the confession came from the house-keeper who said she saw
me use the room regularly but was never messed up, so Ron looked at the
recent telephone bills and found the same number dialed from that room
consecutively, he knew it was me right away. At least he didn't know it
was another guy, I thought to myself, or I probably wouldn't have made it
out of there alive.
Ron came back to usher the girls out of my room and told me I had five
minutes to pack my clothes, which he made clear were to be my only
belongings to take with me. He washed his hands clean of me that night,
or so he thought. The driver came knocking at my door, just as Ron said,
no longer than the five minutes that he had offered me and he took my
single bag to the car. I didn't want all the jewelry, music or books that he
so caringly bought me as tokens of his twisted affection. Only taking my
clothes and a wad of hundred dollar bills I had been saving, I slit a hole in
my scrunchie inserting my cash for a rainy day that I was more than sure
was just around the corner.
We drove for hours, until I started seeing familiar surroundings. I
couldn't believe my own eyes. I was back in Miami, but not on the
beaches, somewhere in the CBD this time. The Driver delivered me to the
front door with my one bag and waited at the door with me. Now I knew
how it felt to be a puppy picked from her litter as you can only hope your
next owner would treat you with some sort of kindness.
Another balding man answered the door but he wasn't so grotesquely
fat like Ron, but still a new owner at that. He looked me up and down and
seemed amused as he snickered to himself. With one last look to the
driver over my shoulder it was almost an appeal to him for some way to
help me. I knew he couldn't anyways, I was just hoping. He told me his
om me and you better be nicer to the next man I send you to, I've hear
e's not a nice as most would like. Are vou fucking hearine me Bitch?"
and terrified, I never thought Ron was a nice guy but I had never seen
him lose it this bad. Now i was being sent me away to another stranger,
another man, it only terrified me more.
The giris came in to say their good-byes all of them were crying and
asking me in their best English languages, why 1 had to call someone and
lose everything? 1 was able to find out through the broken sobs off of
11
12
D' Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004144
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL.
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page569 of 648


parts of my childhood. I reminisced how it had used to be before all my
life turned upside down. Before all of the fights with my family, before I
had to look after myself, and before I was a slave to men.
Those days were too long gone now. With too many hard times passing
me by it seemed surreal to think that life had ever even existed in the first
place. With that thought I shook myself out of reminiscing that way.
Whatever was going to happen was out of my control now, I just had to
give myself some hope that I would have the strength to get myself out
these circumstances before anything really bad happened.
Chapter 2
The house was quiet so I just assumed Charlie was still asleep. I
decided to get cleaned up and have a shower. Not even a knock on the
door when Charlie walked in with ease. "Typical" I thought. It was an
easy way for Charlie to break the ice. "You really are as beautiful as Ron
said" as he opened the curtain. Watching me rinse myself in the shower
and me knowing I had no way out of this except to go along with
whatever he wanted. I just looked down at the mention of Ron's name,
wondering what else he had told Charlie about me. Realizing later that he
wouldn't have said anything anyways, in fear I would've been a damaged
product that wouldn't make him the money that young girls go for.
He just sat on the side of the vanity top and continued to take
observations of me standing submerged under the falling water. I avoided
looking at him and let him do all the talking, after all I knew what I had
to say was of no importance, that is if he was anything like Ron. Between
the water beating down over my head I could slightly hear him ramble on
about some club and restaurant he owned in FT. Lauderdale. He said he
as going to take me shopping for some club outfits and we would par
wether tonicht as if I was subposed to be excited over this so-calle
treat of his.
looked up and gave him a quick smile adding a compliant nod an
arned my attention to turning off the faucets and quickly grabbing my
owel. I was falling so far from who I used to be, shying away from m
utgoing personality to a quiet girl that didn't even recognize herself i
the mirror anymore. I dried myself off and looked at the man standing
between the doorway and me. He was still watching me with a sleazy
ook on his face but now preceded to move in my direction, arms wid
pen. He embraced me, running his hands up around my youthful curves
licking my neck and earlobes. Then his large, rough hands cupped my
small breasts and continued downwards to feel in between my legs. I
knew what I had to do to get this over and done with as quick as possible,
but I was dreading this moment from the second he greeted me at the
door last night.
I fell to my knees and gave into his demented perversions. Thankfully
it didn't last long before he climaxed and I was allowed to get myself
dressed and ready to go out. I was nothing but money well spent in his
mind. This was another extremely wealthy man with a completely new
set of wants and needs asking a fourteen year old girl to affectionately
dote on sexual desires to a man in his mid forties. I really hated myself,
these men, and just about everything my life had boiled up to by this
point, but I knew from a young age that to survive in this harsh world I
would have to do many things I would not willingly choose to.
At the shops he decided he would choose the clothes he paid for, which
I might as well have been declared a teenage prostitute. Just like Ron he
also liked it that way. The more degrading he was to me only proved his
ownership of my body. He bought me tiny cocktail dresses, and skimpy
outfits, which I thought closely, resembled the lingerie he'd also bought
for me to wear for him. I noticed that day that he enjoyed parading me
around the shopping mall and out for lunch at hooters, even joking with
the waitress that he'd like to buy her uniform because he thought it'd look
sexy on his new girlfriend.
We arrived at his two in one, Restaurant and Club, at around nine
o'clock in the evening. It was a revolving tower called "Hot Chocolates"
in downtown Ft. Lauderdale. The food was delicious and for the first time
since being with Ron, I ordered a hefty meal with steak and mashed
potatoes with a scrumptious gravy smothered on top. Charlie ordered
strong cocktails for us both and before 1 knew it my head was spinning
Case 18-2868,
drunker when he lay on top of me. Coming at me like a hungered beas
wanting to ravage his next meal, it was intimidating as he entered into me
with a forceful thrust, he moaned out in delectable heaves. I looked away
instrementin pleasure. tomly grew singer in ny heady ting the hared
for men desires intensify
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page570 of 648
13
14
DO Copyright Protected Material
CONDDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004146
In Protected Mer
CONDIDENTIAI
GIUFFRE004147


The next two weeks I was expected to be at Charlie's beckon call, never
aloud to leave his side, even making me sleep in his bed from the second
night onwards. I never even got the chance to call T.J again. It was too
much of a risk anyways. Thus pushing him further out of my memory,
too afraid, of the emotional repercussions.
Our typical routine was to wake up get showered and dressed and I
would put on my make-up while Charlie made his business calls for the
day. We would leave the house mid-afternoon and run his errands do
some shopping, sometimes meeting his friends or business partners for
lunch, none of the men he introduced me to seemed offended at his
bottom or even try to kiss me.
My last night was no different from every other night. We went
shopping that day and out for lunch alone. Later we headed to a club his
friend just launched and it was his grand opening that night. The club was
called "Iguana Joe's". We met up with his friend and said our hellos.
They both seemed so excited about the club and Charlie was full of
compliments all around. The club did have a line out the door which
looked a mile long coming in, luckily we didn't have to use the front
door. Charlie returned from the bar with two giant long-island iced teas,
which were his favorite drink to start with and then we just sat for a while
watching people dancing. Occasionally conversing about passing
thoughts. We danced for a while having a few more drinks and after
about two hours, Charlie said he was ready to go home. What a daunting
me to look forward to, he always liked to have a brief sexual encounte
efore drifting off to sleep with my naked body intertwined between hi
ay but his grip on me was so stitli
was bad eno have onto so ere von and of ther
at first. I couldn't even comprehend what was happening so rapidly. I
thought Charlie could've been in some kind of trouble with a business
friend he had done wrong too, but then one of the men in black shouted
"F.B.I this is a raid get down with your hands on you head", in too much
shock to move three of the men grabbed Charlie and threw him to the
floor and cuffed him. I sat up in bed with my sheets covering my naked
body and watched as they dragged Charlie from the room. Still
completely nude he wasn't even aloud to get dressed. Another agent had
to come back in to the room to find him a pair of shorts. I could hear him
screaming at the top of his lungs all of the way outside He was screaming
and the last thing I heard him yell was "If you say anything you know
who will find you!" I could hear more threats being yelled at me but I
couldn't make out what it was that he was saying. I was in total confusion
and couldn't believe what was happening.
There were so many uniformed
agents I felt so small compared to all of them but they were all very kind
and helped me out of bed allowing me to remain covered up with the bed
sheets so I could get dressed. The first decency I had been showed in a
long time. It was an odd feeling to acknowledge. I knew the life I had
come accustomed to for the last six months was now over, and in so
many ways I was relieved but was also very nervous about what lay
I excused myself to the bathroom to put some clothes on. Not having
anything half decent, like a normal pair of jeans and a t-shirt. The best I
could come up with was a metallic blue miniskirt and a tiny matching top
that fell just below my breasts, hardly clothing at all it was more like
scraps of cloth. Putting my hair up in a tight bun with the scrunchie that
held my five hundred dollar bills I was led out of Charlie's townhouse for
headed if I screwed this up for Ron again.
as if my guardian angel was there the whole time listening to my
ecret prayers. my rescue came the next morning with an abrupt bursting
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page571 of 648
15
16
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004148
• Copyright Protected Materia!
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE00414


after our first phone conversation and ever since then, the F.B.I were
tapping the phone lines and recording every conversation. Completely
unaware of T.J's caring act of deceit, I was in such shock that they had
F B. haking us for so into k him away with overi bout time, i the
Having so many crooked people working for you can be an advantage
when you're in trouble. Like having a pair of eyes in every city. Ron was
somehow able to find out about Charlie's arrest and immediately deserted
the country to avoid legal punishment, not to mention the discretization
of his esteemed clientele that the feds were now on to. Ron had so many
countless charges put up against him, eventually when the F.B.I were
able to track him down they were able to have him arrested in Yugoslavia
and extradited back to Miami, he was finally held accountable for being a
pedophile, soliciting women for prostitution, and running many
illegitimate and illegal businesses. By the time the F.B.I caught him he
was in his mid-seventies when he died of old age serving his second year
prison for a lengthy sentence. Coincidentally I was told of his punishment
and death many years later by one of the same F.B.I agents that had
rescued me from Charlie's arms.
I was taken out of the interrogation room after the interview was over
with and told to sit at one of the officer's desk while I was waiting for
someone to pick me up. Uncertain of who that someone would be I
assumed it would be someone from the juvenile delinquents division to
take me back to some state operated lockdown facility. Not the nicest of
places to call home, but I had no choice in this matter.
earful anticipation of the dreadful places that lay in store for me. Havin
o of spent a lot of my adolescence in these kind of places for the shee
factor that my mother said "I was out of control and unable to handle" by
leven years old. There was plenty of just reason for me to be so scared of
hose places. What I knew lay in store for me were constant fights
etween the rough girls being settled with violent raids then out came th
epper spray and then the strip-searches and worst of all, no sunlight. I
didn't matter if you were a quiet, shy girl that didn't belong there, when
there was a fight, which was could be like a few times a week, every
person in the room was considered a threat and were treated like a violent
criminal. I hated those places and the memories they gave me. That's
why I always ended up back on the streets. No child or even a juvenile
should have to be subjected to such unreasonable force and neglect. Some
of the girls were so used to being subdued to this kind of treatment their
whole life they ended up repeating the same attributes as the people who
initially hurt them in the first place.
brain, killing him instantly. Her mother being a heroine addict herself
spiraled downwards after his death and gave her four year old child to her
ageing grandmother that eventually had to put my twelve year old friend
in this un-dire circumstance. I can only have he highest hopes for her
today but unfortunately for most girls that have been victimized by
society aren't able to ever stop being a victim for the rest of their lives or
go on to make other people victims themselves. A sad and unfortunate
rate for so many innocent, and it happens so much more than anyone
would rather admit too instead of just trying to find a solution.
Chapter 3
Hours later I was still twirling myself in the same office chair when I
spun around to see my Father walking in my direction. I nearly fell off
my seat at the sight of him. Gripping the chairs handles I couldn't
imagine what in the world I would say to the man i once used to call
Daddy but now hated for the abandonment and unforgiving wounds he
instilled inside of me. He contemplated putting his arms out to hold me
but instead anger and shame took over and he just shook his head. I never
saw my Dad cry until that day and I have to say it made me feel young
again and sad I had disappointed my parents again. The agents now
standing beside us led both of us together back into the interrogation
room to re-tale my journey to my father who they said I had no choice to
ell, or they would have to tell him for me, being I was an under-age
inor and Ron violated the statutory rape law, among many others. whe
he took me back to his apartment and kept me as his sex slave. My Dad
couldn't believe what he was hearing and for his lack of better choice in
words asked me to stop talking, he was just happy to know I was alive.
Like everyone I'd known in life they would rather brush it under the
carpet and not deal with the pain rather than realizing sooner or later it all
comes out sometime in our life even if it transgresses into our future then
becomes what we are willing to accept out of partners, work, and people
in general. Simply saying in other ways than with words that our bad
decisions befall our tragedies later on in life
The next discussion was led to where I would go to from here. Before
anyone could put his or her suggestion forward I leapt in with my two
bits and made it obviously clear to my Dad that if I was sent away to
17
18
• Copyright I'rotectod Matcrial
GIUFFRE004150
Copyright Protected Materi
ONFIDENTIA
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page572 of 648


another lockdown facility and if he betrayed my trust, again, he would
never see me again. I would disappear for good this time and for all he
would know I could be dead in no time on the streets. He looked at me
and for the first time in my life he saw the many years I had grown up in
the time I was gone and heard the seriousness in the tone of my voice
when I made my vow to him. He put his head in his hands and told me
the bad news, my Mom didn't want me to come home and she was
making his life hell for even suggesting bringing me back into their lives.
I for some reason threatened her lifestyle and drove her crazy. I had been
surprised about a lot of things lately but not that one. The last time I saw
my Mom she ever so carefully lied to me and told me she was bringing
ne to an eye-doctor for an infection. Instead we walked into this tall blue
building with people in uniforms holding clipboards and a few muscly
guards, she ushered me inside and hurried up to close the large auto lock
doors behind her leaving me there alone and imprisoned, which is what
led me to recently living on the streets. My life was hell as long as she
was in control of it, so when she didn't want me back at home I was fine
with that too, but there had to be somewhere else I could go. My dad said
he had no choice but to put me back into the facility, but he made a
sincere promise that he would not take any longer than a week to try to
find a place for me to stay and to go to school. A week I could deal with,
but I was still unsure if I could trust my father and hold him to his word,
but yet again, I had no choice. Being my legal guardian he could send me
anywhere he wanted and there would be nothing I could do, except for
keep running. I gave in, and before he left the officers to take me back to
the last facility I had run from, I gave him one last hug and reminded him
"one-week and I'm gone". Nodding his head and squeezing his arms
tighter around me, I could only hope he meant it, but he didn't look too
optimistic.
the police car on the way back to the facility they had to handcuff m
case I ran again. but I had no intentions to anyways. I was going t
give my dad the week before I began to search for the right opportunity to
jolt again. I was like a "ghost come back," said so many of my girlfriends
from the past and there was now a lot of new faces there too. At night
when we were all in bed and supposed to be sleeping, I would be
daydreaming of better days and imagine myself somewhere in a
comfortable bed, actually enjoying my life for a change. A week went by
in this facility spending most of my days locked up in what they called
"The White Room", a bare room with concrete flooring, no toilet or even
a chair to sit on. The only comfort I had was the blue sweater that was
provided as part of the uniform, and my hair scrunchie filled with my
stowed away cash that no one had found during my unpleasant strip-
searches. I would spend hours in the white room for objecting to their
conformity and unwilling to participate in their drilling regime. I didn't
feel like I owed any explanation to these people even when they brought
a physiologist in to speak with me, "What was the point when I would be
gone any day now" and as if any of these people even cared in the first
place, I was just another number in the system and they had a job to do.
There was one mega-bitch, female guard, named Evelyn and she used
to either really like you or really hate you and God-forbid you were one
of' the unfortunates that she didn't like, she'd make your entire stay their
an agonizing nightmare. Constantly picking on girls who were not strong
enough to cope with their predicament or past issues, she'd stand them up
and publicly humiliate them, and even when they begged her through
their sobs to let them sit down, she'd only torment them worse. Which
only made the strong girls want to antagonize the fragile one's with more
malicious intent. Luckily when I had previously been there she didn't
take much notice of me, but I stayed out of harms way with her, just
Being back here seemed like an eternity while I held my end of the
bargain but unfortunately my Father didn't. The first chance I saw to run
I took it. I was being sent to go get my blood and urine taken for drug and
disease analysis. My driver would be a volunteer from the community
and it was the perfect getaway for me. I was brought from the white
solitaire room and led into the bright sun, feeling like today would be
favorable in my escape. We got to the doctors office, my whereabouts
told me I had plenty of ways to run and I scouted out the best looking
route. My plan was to barge through the volunteer's inexperienced grip
and wriggle my way out if needed, then hit the asphalt, running until my
19
20
l Conurioht Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004152
CONtin Fratected Material
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page573 of 648


a sweater for disguise and my next stop was Dunkin Doughnuts' to get a
chocolate iced doughnut and a cup of coffee. I didn't have doubts about
getting out of the facility but I wasn't expecting it to be so easy this time.
My past excursions all began with an abrupt struggle sometimes ending
in a brutal state of affairs after being pepper sprayed and fastened into
some painful lock by forceful men four- times my size, then tossed into
solitary until I saw my next chance to desert. I got to know the guards
real well, as I spent a lot of my time being dragged down to the white
room by them. There was Jim, a large black man who could've doubled
for a "Miami Dolphin's" defensive linebacker. John was another big man
with a ponytail and a mustache, and he looked like someone who
definitely owned a Harley. The last guy Scott had a smaller build but
made up for it with his steroid injected museles bulging out of his neck
and their was the added height from his curly fro. When they weren't
restraining me and holding me captive in solitaire, they were actually
pretty nice guys, not afraid to have a laugh after some explosive incident
and I held no contempt towards them either, they were just doing their
It was de'ja vous all over again, free at last but where would I go now.
With Ron's scouts on the lookout for me, and now the authorities being
notified I was a runaway again, I would have a lot of people searching for
me, so I knew I had to be careful where I went. My last stop before
leaving the shopping center was to use a payphone to call my parents, my
Dad answered completely surprised to hear me on the other end. I wanted
to sarcastically thank him for breaking his promise to me and I hope he is
happy now, he just lost his daughter for good. I stopped to listen to what
he was trying to say and he told me "I was getting you out in a few days,
I found you somebody to stay with, she's a good person who has got
teenagers your age, I was just trying to convince your Mother to sign the
papers to get you out of there".
vas so outraged at her ability to put her own wants before the neer
her own flesh and blond danchter I told him to come nick me un ar
waited for me to come find her outback smoking cigarettes and having a
beer. She stood up from her seat and squinted her eyes loathing in her
hatred she coldly slapped me hard in the face. The slap stung, but I
matched her look with a familiar stone-coldness that only she could
understand. Immediately we both started to cry and we washed away our
anguish and resentment through our tears and consolidated our feelings
for the first time since the chaos first affected our lives. She didn't want
to know much of my whereabouts and she still had a lot of anger to get
over but she asked me to stay home at least. My little brother ran through
the back door and hugged me so tight, I started to cry again and was
saddened by how much time I had missed the time I had lost just hanging
out with my brothers and it took me even longer to realize how precious
time really is. We were never going to be the average Joes next door but
at least this was better than nothing. I loved being with my family again.
We had BBQ's and bon-fires with each other and life began to slowly
piece back together. It was bizarre how normal it was when I first got
home. I turned fifteen that year and it was the exact cup of tea that I had
needed to boost me up and get me on the right track.
I decided to go school to acquire my general education diploma or G.E.D
and got a summer job with my Dad at Mar-A-Lago, Donald Trumps
exclusive country club in Palm Beach. Surrounded by lush acres of
tropical landscapes, manicured gardens, and a mansion made into a beach
club for the rich and famous it is known as the "Jewel of Palm Beach". I
was in sheer awe at the gold arched ceilings and the grandeur ballrooms.
The spa where I worked was world class, not only oozing in style but in
the way each and every clientele was treated with the upmost service. My
focus was now set on becoming a massage therapist, and working my
Case 18-2868,
confront my mother.
Looke ed erent use forth retirined and rentined the horse. i didn't
ny books in the warmth of the Florida sun. A lovely looking woman i
ler late thirties who spoke with a proper English accent approached me.
assumed it was a general question, "like where's the ladies room or was
that the famous model from so-and-so?" but she was more interested in
he book I was reading. Only believing at first we were just making smal
alk she was really intrigued at my choice of reading. She then asked if
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page574 of 648
21
22
Cì Copyright Protocted Material
CON NA
GIUFFRE004154
• Copyright Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004155


did massage on the side, I stated I was only reading the book and had not
yet began to study but one day I would love to practice massage therapy
She introduced herself as Ghislane Maxwell. I would later find out that
she was the daughter of the late prominent businessman and disgraced
newspaper tycoon, Robert Maxwell. I told her my name is Jenna pointing
to my nametag on my shirt and offered her a cold or hot beverage, as
those were my instructed duties at work. She accepted a tea and went on
to chat a bit about this rich guy that she worked for and she knew off-
hand that he was looking for a massage therapist. Just doing me a good
deed out of her kindness of her heart, I'm sure, she offered to introduce
me to him. I declined her first proposition, thinking out loud, told her I
didn't know the body well enough to even attempt an interview. She
didn't seem worried at all by my fear of incompetence saying that if he
liked me enough he would get me the best training in the industry.
Ghislane thought I had a cheery persona and fit the quota for what he was
looking for and as she put it an enthusiastic learner that she said she
gathered from the sticky notes popping out of the various sections in my
book. I accepted her phone number and the house address and told her I
will call her if I am able to come over after work. I rushed over to the
tennis courts where my dad was working and told him of the news. We
both thought this could be a wonderful opportunity to get my
accreditation in massage therapy. Seeing that it was a lady in her late
thirties who came off as more of a nurturer rather than a procurer, neither
of' us saw any reason to be hesitant.
Chapter 4
At around Five p.m, my dad drove me down to the bottom of "El Brillo
Way. " on the Palm Beach intercostal. We pulled into a short driveway
beckoning a large pink mansion with heavy wooden doors. I was so
excited about this chance and asked my dad to wish me luck. He gave me
a big squeeze and wished me the best. He walked me to the front door
and I rung the door chime. Moments later we were greeted by an older
gentleman dressed in a casual butler uniform. I told him I was here to
meet Ms. Maxwell for a massage trial and he opened the doors for my
father and I telling us to wait in the entry as Ms. Maxwell would be on
her way any second, and she was. Down the stairs she walked with a
warm smile, her short black hair seeming very proper and elegant, for
now. She shook my fathers hand and thanked him for bringing me and
kissed us both on the cheeks. They spoke briefly about whom she worked
and about Mar-a-Lago where we worked. She was in hurry, you coul
i to end the conversation and say good-bye to my dad which she did
ever pleasantly. She said the boss was upstairs and waiting my arrival, so
with that I said bye to my dad and began to follow Ghislane up the stairs.
I was so nervous, but I didn't show it. I kept my reserve and demeanor
cool as ice, trying show maturity for the open position. We continued on
to the massage room, passing by a grand crystal chandelier, and a couple
lengthy wooden hall tables displaying a multitude of photos displayıng
young girls and beautiful women, trying not to gawk at them I didn't
even notice that some of those girls were only wearing their smile.
Ghislane asked me how my day at work was and I told her it was easy
peasy as always just trying to make simple conversation. There was a
fork at the end of the staircase and she led me to the right hand side. The
lights were dimmed in the bedroom but I could still see the King Size bed
in the middle of room, we did a U-turn around the bed, which led us into
a massage room. Dripping in luxury I could've definitely compared it to
the renowned Mar-a-Lago's spa's, it had marble walls and a glass
enclosed shower and self-automated steam room at the very end of the
Burberry carpeted room. There was a large mirror over a basin to the
right of the room with an array of oils, ointments. soaps. and lotions and a
small closed door, which I assumed must be a closet. The only thing that
struck awkward about this room was the naked man laying face down
atop of the turquoise massage table in the center of it. "I had to be
prepared for this," I told myself. Massage was something I had never
done before so 1 quickly brushed away my thoughts of possible schemes,
wanting to believe whole-hearted this was going to be legit. Ghislane
introduced us to each other and I proceeded to make his acquaintance.
Looking up at from his downwards position, he looked me over and
gave a smile to Ghislane, an obvious notion of his approval. He was
Case 18-2868,
I followed suit and washed my hands with warm water so the coldness
would not shock Jeffery's naked body, then lathered them in rich body
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page575 of 648
23
24
• Convrieht Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004156
1 Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAI
GIUFFRL004157


my forearm so it prevented me from having to keep going back for more
and was less disruptive to Jeffrey. This all seemed for real to begin with, I
was being educated about the body and splitting Jeffrey's body with
Ghislane, mimicking her every motion. Starting with his feet, we began
with his heels and arches of his soles. Pushing the blood up his calves in
upward strokes to rejuvenate the body's blood supply and being careful to
mind his leg hair didn't pull. I was keeping up with her and enjoying the
education. It was so interesting how the body worked and I couldn't
believe I was learning all of this for free. Once I got a bit of a groove
following Ghislane, they began asking me all sorts of questions about my
past and it didn't take long before the conversation led down the darker
experiences of my young life. When they found out that I hadn't led
much of a normal existence they only probed me with more questions,
which being put on the spot answered honestly. The funny thing was they
didn't seem appalled at all by my statements, rather entertained if
anything. Jeffrey called me a "naughty-girl" with that wry smile of his,
and half playful and half defensive, I answered "no I'm not, I'm really a
good girl, just always in the wrong places" he then replied, "It's O.K, I
like naughty girls" and rolled over onto his front side to expose his
complete nude self. He wasn't the first man to show me his penis, so I
wasn't shocked at the appearance of his manhood but I was incredibly
shocked at his complete ease to present himself with an erection. I tried to
ignore it waiting to follow the next directions off of Ghislane, who
surprisingly now stood behind me bare breasted. Before I had a chance to
even think of replying hastily she began to slowly undress me, while
Jeffrey started to stroke his manhood while watching us. She unbuttoned
my blouse and removed my bra, revealing my bosoms. Cupping them in
her hands she moved her lips across my nipples, licking and teasing them
with her tongue making them cold and stiff. Next her hands moved down
"what have I been trained up for until now". Nobody ever stopped to ask
if I was comfortable or if I wanted to stop, no, instead, Ghislane only
directed me to conclude the massage session by climbing up on the table
to be fixated on Jeffrey, straddling him so he could penetrate me.
When it was all done and over with, I was taken into the steam room
with just Jeffrey to get further aquatinted, as Ghisiane left the room to go
get dressed. He asked me to grab his feet and rub them not saying a word
about what just happened, like it was all normal and accepted. I listened
to him ramble on about the health benefits of a sauna and the history of it,
ignoring the fact of the matter of his pretentiousness degrading my spirit.
I figured I had gone too far already, what would be the point in throwing
in the towel now after I had done exactly what these people wanted.
Whilst we were sweating out our bodies' toxins, and the steam was
blasting my burning face I listened to his lessons, entertaining his ego, I
let him become my teacher, he seemed to like that. He sounded like a
very clever and intelligent man though. Telling me his story of how he
made himself an empire of billions from being a middle-class professor to
an elite financial advisor for clientele with only billions in their bank
accounts and through his so-called "lessons", He became my mentor and
I emerged as his pupil, the teacher's pet.
After the sauna we went to the next glass door beside us where the
shower was. He turned tap outwards and stood underneath the water as I
stood naked and cold from the temperature difference. Instead of asking
me to join him under the warm stream, like I thought he was going to, he
handed me a bar of soap and asked me to wash his body from top to toe.
It didn't stop there I had to massage the shampoo and conditioner into his
scalp as well. I was bewildered someone would ask this off of someone
disappointment
through life without all of the abuse I ended up copping. Not given the
belief in myself from an early age on I suppose is what affected my sense
of control. Always letting the one's with power and strength reduce in
nner-self to shreds until I was cut so tiny in size I would be completel
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page576 of 648
25
26
O Copyright Protocted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004158
U Copyright Protected Material
CONEDENTIAL
CHUFERC004 | 50


inade for myself, I needed some encouragement and the right words to
unlock my very soul.
Jeffrey told me the towels were on the heated rack just outside the
shower and asked me to get one and pat him down. Again putting himself
first as I sat there freezing while I compliantly patted down his body with
the white fluffy towel until he was dried. I nearly expected him to ask me
to dress him as well, but not surprisingly that came later down the track
too. I dried myself off and wiped the make-up from under my eye's,
keeping quiet not sure what to really say and half-embarrassed from the
entire evening's events that just took place. I just remained silent whilst
we both got dressed until he brought me downstairs where Ghislane was
sitting at a desk holding his black leather duffel bag. When she moved
from the chair to let Jeffrey sit down, she passed him the bag and began
to tell me that I had great potential to be a massage therapist, they really
liked my style and who knows where this could lead too. She asked to see
me again tomorrow, same time after work. He opened the bag, revealing
stacks of brand-new hundred dollar bills separated with rubber bands to
count by the thousands. He grabbed one stack and took out two crisp
notes, placing them in my hand. He laughed that it was nearly my whole
week's wage at Mar-A-Lago. Only there I didn't have to degrade myself
as his new little toy.
When I got home my parents were anticipating my arrival. I kept it
simple and sweet with my folk's, only telling them of the lessons about
the body I had received and the future prospects in massage therapy that
lie ahead. Nobody questioned who I was working for and complimented
my ability to be a hard worker. I quickly got out of that conversation
afraid I might give away a hint of shame in my eyes but no one caught
on. I excused myself to the bathroom to have a shower and stared into the
mirror for a moment, asking myself if I could really go through with this
only to mentally respond by reminding myself this would be as good as it
gets for a girl of my stature and limitations. I scrubbed myself rigidly in
the shower as if it would wash away the filthiness of the night, but it
didn't help, I could still feel their hands in me and all over me and inside
of me. Trying to sleep that night was nearly impossible too, closing my
About to be entrapped in the same life I had broken free from only
months ago.
Convincing myself in order to succeed I had to step up from being a
girly teenager and start thinking like a young woman, it would be my
ticket to a great career and a fortunate life. I told myself "So what if 1 had
to bargain my body to this rich old geezer, some girls get themselves
through college by becoming a stripper and using their bodies to pay for
degrees, others go down even worse paths." I guess it was just another
way to fathom the road I was going down, the effectiveness of the lies I
forced myself to believe was working as I continued to tell myself I had
to make it any way I could rather than ever letting myself sleep on the
streets again. I was trading one shocking lifestyle for another, thinking I
was choosing the right one. If I could go back in time to ever meet myself
I would choose this time in my life. I'd start with a good hard smack to
my head to first shake some things up in there and next I would tell that
girl she could actually make it on her own if she just worked hard at
earning an honest wage and built her life up slowly. There is no rush or
time limit to ever stop reaching for achievement. Sadly enough I probably
wouldn't of even believed myself anyways, learning my life's hard
lessons through the experiences I continued to suffer.
I went to work at Mar-A Lago that day trying hard not to think of what
lay ahead in the afternoon too come, but the later the hour got the more
distinguished the knots became in my stomach. I spoke to no one of the
details to my explicit interview but told one girl how I was so happy I
was now officially studying massage therapy, another lie. My friend was
surprised and intrigued that these people who could afford the best of the
best of therapists in the world chose an untrained fifteen-year-old girl to
Case 18-2868,
push yesterday's memory from my thoughts, I was quiet for the whole
trip to work with my Dad. Before we got out of his car in the parking lot
spirals in her hair that glanced up from the mound of paperwork before
her. Her shocking blue eye's and appealing English accent seemed
delightful and she introduced herself as "Emmy", Ghislane's Personal
she knew exactly what I was on trial for. Something in my gut told me
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page577 of 648
27
28
O Copyright Protectod Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004160
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004161


this wasn't the first time a young girl had been trialed for the same
We were only chatting for a moment before Ghislane appeared and told
me Jeffrey was ready for his massage. I was led through the extensively
large house to the winding staircase that would lead me up to the same
dreaded room where I would have to re-enact last night's performance. I
wasn't far from wrong. I gave Jeffrey a massage with Ghislane leading
the way again, this time we surprisingly made it to the front of his body
and she continued to show me how to massage all the way up to his
stomach pushing my hands in a spiraling clockwise circular motion to not
disrupt the bowels and then we came up to his chest. He couldn't dare
contain himself for one second longer, telling me to put my lips on his
nipples and give them a kiss. Jeffrey moaned in pleasure and Ghislane
started to undress me from behind. Within moments I was completely
naked and Ghislane had her top off. She was caressing my body with her
hands while Jeffrey moved his hands down to stroke his loins while he
watched her and I kiss and touch each other. I didn't know if she was
doing this for the sake of his eye-candy but she sure did act like she loved
having the control over me telling me what to do throughout the entire
threesome. Jeffrey's climax was always the end to our sessions and this
time he wanted to have me make him orgasin orally. Afterwards we went
for the ritualistic steam-room, this time Ghislane joining in with us for
conversation. She asked me to massage her feet this time while we were
in the steam room, showing me that Jeffrey wasn't the only one I had pay
my homage to. We all had a shower next and then we all went downstairs
to pay me and have Juan drop me off back home.
The following afternoon I received a call at work, surprisingly it was
Ghislane asking me to come over when I got off of work again. The
compliant side took over and I told her I looked forward to meeting with
them today, instead of telling her to go screw herself for lying to me and
making me degrade myself more each time I saw them. I finished work
for the day and my Dad brought me over to El Brillo Way again, where
the vultures were patiently waiting in their lair, he wished me well as I
hopped out of his big truck, looking ever so much like his little girl again.
I gave him a smile and a wave as he drove down the long driveway,
waiting for him to suddenly turn back and not leave me alone to my task.
I shook myself out of that calamity and put on my "big girls" face.
Juan brought me to the kitchen again as I waited for Ghislane. He
offered me a cold drink and some fruit on a platter, I accepted and was
grateful for the rejuvenation before I went to work again. It wasn't long
before Ghislane approached me from behind with a cold intense look in
her eye. I jumped from my seat, feeling like maybe I shouldn't have been
eating and drinking while on the job, as her demeanor seemed annoyed
and temperamental in the seconds that she appeared. She told me I would
be on my own today as she had business to attend to, so make sure I
remembered what she had taught me, as my trial depended on it.
Chapter 5
I walked up the stairs by myself this time, taking in more of the décor,
noticing the more I looked around the more I noticed a different girl in
each photograph in his collection of half-nude and topless girls on display
around his mansion. I couldn't believe how many girls there were, it's not
like Jeffrey was much to look at. He was an aging man in his early fifties
with shiny grey hair and characteristic lines drawn down his face as if he
had seen harder days. With no prospects of ever settling down or having a
family of his own, Jeffrey treated us girls like a piece of clothing he could
try on for the day and get rid of the next. So why was there so many girls
in these photo's? I wondered to myself if I would end up one of those
girls among his collection of forgotten relationships and broken promises.
I continued to make my way up the stairs, and as if all of my senses
were heightened from my bare nerves being exposed, I could smell the
cleaning detergents recently used by the housekeepers, my observations
of the shade of lighting through the concealed blinds as I entered Jeffrey's
bedroom appeared golden, and the sound of stillness except for the thud
of my rapid beating heart all made me more aware of how nervous I was
to be on my own. Not that Ghislane was anything of a comfort, but I
didn't know what to expect or how I was going to lead myself into
upholding my obligation in pleasing him. I would hope for the best I
thought, trying to uplift my confidence as I opened the door to the
nassage room with the typical scene of Jeffrey laying naked facedown in
he massage bed waiting for his entertainment. It was de'ja'vous' all over
gain. Repeating what Ghislane had taught me, with him commenting o
what else I should be doing, until it got to the end and I was expected tr
grant him all of his spoken desires. We finished up with the shower agair
and he seemed very pleased in my contribution of myself to him, giving
He told me to go ask Juan to pay me, as he was lethargic after the
massage and intimate affair between us and now was going to have sleep.
I walked back down stairs and told Juan that Jeffrey was asleep and said I
had to ask him for my pay. He went to Jeffrey's desk and took out the
exact amount 1 was owed without even asking how much I normally get
baid. He then drove me home. only to be back the next afternoon
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page578 of 648
29
30
C Copyright Protected Material
GIUFFRE004162
1 Copyright Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAI
GIUFFRE004163


The following week was a daily routine, providing Jeffrey with
massages and continuously being groomed to fulfill all his needs. Often
joined by Ms. Maxwell and her assistant Emmy for sexual trysts of all
kinds. I was mentally and physically exhausted from the week of working
and having to keep up with Jeffrey's strenuous late night activities. I
couldn't believe what I was doing but it was all starting to sink in fast.
Most nights when I got home, l'd briefly say "Hi" to Mom and Dad
before heading straight to my bedroom. I couldn't even sleep well
anymore. Closing my eyes at night I would fight the inevitable flood of
thoughts, replaying the moments of shame that ate away myself piece by
piece. My only reasoning being I just had to keep telling myself it would
all be worth it in the end.
This afternoon Ghislane appeared to be in a much better mood. Instead
of taking me straight up to Jeffrey she took me to a yellow guest room
where Emmy mostly stayed. It had a balcony where Emmy was already
outside reading a magazine and puffing on a cigarette. Ghislane lit one up
too and then offered me one. I hadn't smoked cigarettes much before,
besides trying to look cool in front of one of my friends, but never really
took to them, so when I started to cough from the inhalation of smoke,
the girls began to laugh and joke about my in-experience. It was an
icebreaker for all of us to laugh and poke fun at me. I was then able to
give it back to them saying I would rather be an in-experienced non-
smoker than an old lady with a raspy smokers cough. I don't think
Ghislane was used to somebody giving it back to her, but she seemed to
like it, as long as she was able to have the last say. I knew my boundaries
and she liked that I wouldn't cross those invisible lines. All three of us
chatted like friends and it started to feel like some kind of a strange
relationship was budding. After about fifteen minutes of chatting away,
Ghislane instructed me to wash my hands thoroughly, as Jeffrey hated the
smell of smokers, and to follow her down the hallway to the massage
room where he'll be expecting me shortly. I did what she asked and
sprayed myself with the body spray that I always carried in my purse and
headed down the hall to Jeffrey's room.
When I opened the door to the massage room surprisingly it was empty.
I sat down on the already made up massage table and was careful not to
mess up the neatly folded towels on the end of the bed. It was a good
fifteen more minutes before Jeffrey made his appearance. It was strange
seeing him in clothes for the first time. He wasn't wearing what you'd
expect your typical billionaire's attire to be. He was wearing a pair of
sweatpants and a Harvard sweatshirt, which he began to remove
immediately. This time he wanted to commence our session in the steam
room, so 1 bezan to undress as well. We went into the steam room and he
pushed a few buttons and the steam began to pour in from the marble
wall's built in jets. There was a bench coming out of the wall also made
out of marble that went from either side of the room and had a step
underneath it where I was instructed to sit on so that I could begin giving
Jeffery his massage. Our conversation started off about simple things like
how was your day at work, and I asked Jeffrey how his day was lounging
around, just being polite to each other. He was acting out of character
being a lot more attentive and conversing with me about other things than
sex or massages for once. Starting with his heels, ankles, toes and arches
in the soles of his feet I massaged all the way up to his calves. It took a
lot more strength to massage in the steam room without oils or lotions
and the constant blowing of steam in your face making me twice as
exerted. I was beginning to really start to heat up when the door to the
room suddenly opened to reveal two naked women. Ghislane and Emmy
acted as if they came in to join us for a steam bath, but my instincts were
telling me otherwise. At least the cold burst of air and escaped steam
revived me a bit.
So there was Jeffrey and Ghislane sitting on top of this marble bench,
each with a young girl at their feet. Eminy and I continued with the
massage until they were ready to head into the shower. There were two
showerheads that Ghislane and Jeffrey both stood under while they were
being lathered with soap bubbles as we washed their bodies. After the
shower Ghislane led us into Jeffrey's bed to finish today's session with
Emmy, Ghislane and I performing lesbian acts of foreplay on each other
while Jeffrey laid back and watched. Stroking his manhood in much
delight, he brought himself to climax, and the session was over within
moments. We all got dressed and went downstairs to the kitchen for some
refreshments. Like nothing had happened at all, it was all so bizarre for
me, the whole ordeal with them since this all began. I couldn't understand
why Ghislane and Jeffrey had such an openly intimate relationship but
ret never regarded themselves as partners. They rarely kissed and neve
held hands or even slept in the same bed. It was more like a sexu
rrangement between the two of them. She brings in the girls for h
eculiar taste and he supplies the lavish lifestyle she was accustomed to
before her family lost all of their fortunes. I wasn't sure how to act or
attached, as if there was this invisible hierarchy and by instinct I knew
31
32
I Copyright Protccted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004164
I Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page579 of 648


types of people. Their friendships and partnerships can change like the
I went home that night still confused on how I could let myself sink so
low, I had to put on an act like I enjoyed submitting my body and being
their new subservient plaything all for the fact that I was making
anywhere between $200-$400 for just a couple of hours. Then spent the
rest of the night regressing on the entire event in my head over and over
again. I battled those thoughts with the hope that I was receiving a
profession out of this and making good money in the meantime. All I had
to do was keep lying to myself long enough until 1 eventually believed it.
Arriving at Jeffrey's on time the next afternoon, as I always did,
understanding punctuality was a sign of respect and I wanted them to feel
as if they had my deepest appreciation for the once in a lifetime chance
they had given to a girl of my history. This time when Juan answered the
door he told me Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell were waiting for me
upstairs in the massage room. I began my hike up the familiar spiraling
staircase and through to the room where my arrival was being deeply
anticipated. They were already in the steam room awaiting me to join
them. I undressed out of my uniform and folded them in a neat pile,
which I placed upon the marble basin. Having one last look in the mirror
before I exhaling a deep breath as if I was plunging into deep water, I
knew today was a big day. I either accepted their offer and trade my
morals for opportunity, or walk away with the prospect of one day many
years from now trying to make it on my own which I knew endowed
James for a bit of relaxation. The temptation of his grandeur offer wasn't
hard to give into, my vulnerability to be lewd into his grasp seemed
comforting at the time. The idea that females were nothing more than an
empty shell of beauty bound by only a body to offer was a notion I had
accepted a long time ago with my first teacher, Ron
My reaction had to be more than amusing for their egos, even though I
was excited to be traveling I could only imagine the likeliness of having
to be at their beckon call as well. In my head I just told myself we all do
what we have to do in our lives to succeed no matter what it takes, and
with no one knowing the truth, I had no one to talk me out of it. I
accepted his offer and knew from here on out I would be his servant to
his sexual desires until one day I would gain my credentials and only then
could I go out on my own and make it in this world that when so young
seems so unconquerable. The night advanced into the usual grooming of
his requirements, for the next hour and a half being exploited to satisfy
Jeffrey's every sexual whim.
My mom cornered me that night, before I had a chance to avoid
speaking to anyone, heading to the shower then my bedroom, like I had
been the last week. She knocked at my door with a hostile look in her
"Virginia, what exactly does an older couple want with a fifteen
yeap it, is as to credentia of and with to e alienae in assan t
Thus, as impressionable as I was, my blue eyes batted their innocence
in her direction and I flashed her a girlish grin selling her the pitch that I
had been given earlier that night. Not mentioning the other side to the
glamorous lifestyle I would soon be living in. I told her about the money
I'd be earning, the places l'd be seeing, the people I could meet and most
of all the trade I'd be learning. It all sounded so good, except it was a
off, especially that summer was so busy anyways.
effrey then made his announcement, that I should just quit my job
lar-a-Lago and become his permanent travelling masseuse. He the
further persuaded me with all of the luxuries that came along with my
cceptance. Rather than being paid $9 dollars per hour at my current job 1
muld be earnine $200 dollars ber massage, which he even said could be
eW times a day. Tomorrow we could be leaving Palm Beach together ir
is private iet first heading to his residence in the upper east side of
Manhattan, also the largest mansion in N.Y, and would next be setting off
to the Caribbean, where he owned a secluded island just past Little St.
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page580 of 648
33
34
li Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004166
| Copyright Protected Matcria
ONFIDENTIAI
GIUFERE:004167


he'd take care of it for me. We said our good-byes outside in the
driveway, Jeffrey even coming outside to meet with my father to shake
his hands and assure him that his daughter will be more than looked after.
I hugged my dad tightly, feeling like I was on the verge of a steep cliff,
when he let go, so did the last of my innocence.
Juan drove Jeffrey, Ghislane and I to Palm Beaches' Private Airport
and the luggage handlers escorted us on the tar mat where we all boarded
on Jaffrey's black jet. Larry was his main pilot, he had shiny grey hair
and long lanky legs, but a very sincere smile that instantly made you feel
at ease. He greeted us at the staircase that led into the main cabin. It was
as lavish as I imagined it would be. The seats were enveloped in the finest
beige leather with polished wood grain finishes and there was a kitchen in
the back with an adjoining toilet. Jeffrey saw the amazement in my eyes
and to make it more thrilling he brought me up to the cockpit and let me
watch with a bird's eye view of the take off. I was on a natural high when
I came back to the cabin and was instantly brought back down when
Jeffrey rested his bare feet on top of the reclined seat and instructed me to
get to work and start massaging him. My future was in his hands now, so
when he wanted something, I wouldn't hesitate in giving it to him.
Chapter 6
Upon our arrival at New Jersey's Private Airstrip, the driver Jo-Jo met
us. His name was most likely shortened for something of his oriental
decent. Jeffrey liked to shorten the names of his multi-cultural staff into
American names. Even Juan and Maria were known as John and Mary.
We arrived in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. His principal place of
residence a ribala est Do for bo many years ories of es lence..!
Jeffrey's best friend and mentor bought it for him as a mysterious gift.
There were two large Chinese gargoyles outside the entrance, and
beside the heavy looking wooden doors there was an intercom with a
camera overlooking us. I walked up the concrete steps into a realm of
wealth, glamour and most of all influence. My eye's glistened at the
splendor of his palace. Caramel colored marble tiles spread through the
first floor, where his gourmet kitchen and dining hall were also located.
Then I came to this sweeping staircase that curved into the next level
here Jeffrey and I went into his office, even though it looked more like
a museum exhibit. Ancient draperies that told lascivious stories of their
own covered parts of the elevated walls, and the remaining wall spaces
were taken up by rows on top of rows of books. He loved to read, as he
often found it hard to sleep and was comforted in the early morning hours
with his literature, or sometimes in other ways I would come to find out.
There was a mantle piece and a sofa with two armchairs next to the grand
piano that flaunted more of Jeffrey's beautiful conquests, young women
posing in salacious pictures, suggesting I could be easily replaced next to
one of those girls if I failed in keeping him satisfied. There were also
some pictures with recognizable political and royal figures either shaking
Jeffrey's hand, or with an arm around each other, even one with Jeffrey
and the Dali Lama, although his church was the bank. He liked to use his
power, wealth, and money to manipulate everyone in his life.
He made a phone call that sounded business like and I didn't mind, I
was quite enjoying taking in all of the beauty around me, I was blinded
by all of it. I was still waiting for him when, Ghislane came in. She asked
me what I thought so far of my trip to N.Y.C, I knew she was talking
about the house, she loved to gloat, even though none of it actually
belonged to her, she wanted everyone to believe that it did. I
complimented her on the mid-evil looking tapestries and a few other
adornments, when she cut me off mid-sentence to compliment it herself,
telling me the history about one of the 17" century tapestry's which to an
unsophisticated eye, looked to me like a rug on the wall.
Jeffrey hung the phone up and walked over to the sofa where we were
sitting next to the mantle piece and took a seat on one of the armchairs.
He didn't seem worried from the phone call but his mind was definitely
somewhere else from the hard look on his face. We all spoke for a few
moments more about the splendid décor before Jeffrey had enough small
talk and needed some of his own relaxation time. He told Ghislane he
was going to show me to the massage room and he'd be back in a couple
the school. It was made out of brass antique with archaic cuts throughout
the arches at the top. It wasn't the only lift in the house, but certainly the
most beautiful. We walked down a long hall carpeted in a royal red and
golden trim, passing by a bronze pagan statue of the horny little goat God
"Pan". How adequate, I thought, fit Jeffrey to a tee. We walked into this
dimly lit room. Another daunting chamber that looked like we had
stepped back in time to the dark ages. It took a second for my eyes to
adjust to the darkness, and Jeffrey beckoned me to follow him through
the room to the open adjoin shower, toilet and steam room. The room was
in black marble to accent the dreariness, and smaller than the one in Palm
35
36
• Copyright Protected Material
GIUFFRE004168
] Copyright Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAI
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page581 of 648


Beach, but it had it's own witchery feel to it. Another unseen side to this
We both undressed and I followed Jeffrey into the steam room first. He
loved feeling clean, teaching me that the steam would deplete the toxins
from your skin, which was great during a massage when your blood flow
is being replenished. I grabbed his foot out of instinct, knowing I had to
be constantly on alert to keep this man satisfied. He looked down at me
with a nod and reclined back against the wall as the steam pored in, this
was his idea of alleviation. I worked up to his calves and within a few
more minutes, he said he was ready for his massage on the bed. We got
out and towel dried off, both still nude, he asked me to stay undressed,
then we headed to massage bed in the middle of the room. He lay down
on the bed and told me to turn on the CD player on the wall hutch, where
all of the oils and lotions were set out, I hit play and a collection of mixed
classical symphonies began to fill the silence. I could tell he wasn't in
one of those moods to be uplifted with idle chat, so I remained silent,
letting him enjoy my slow movements, making my way up his body. My
instincts told me I was right about his mood, as he seemed to appreciate
the quietness of moment and the leisurely of the strokes I was using to
massage him. When I got to his scalp he turned over, and grabbed my
hand to put on his erect manhood. No words spoken yet, I took the
gesture and initiated what 1 had been taught over the last week. While
pleasing my master his hands groped my young flesh, penetrating my
insides with his fingers, he was only concerned with what he wanted, as
If I was a new car out for a test drive and he was pressing his new
gadgets. His soft moans were soon brought to louder heaves of breath and
my job was done. No intimate kisses, or sweet pillow talk. He showed his
appreciation with money, never attachment. We concluded with a shower
and he told me he had some business to conduct. He walked me to the lift
and told me go to the next level and my room was the first one on the
right. it had an intercom in which he can contact me when needed.
I hit number 5 on the lift and took his directions to my room. I opened
the door to this massive loft, the size of an adequate house. I walked
into the artistry, the intercom buzzed on the telephone next to the bed and
it was a housemaid letting me know Jeffrey wanted to see me in his office
now. "Already" I thought to myself, I was just getting settled in. I was
worried I was going to get lost in this ancient museum, but I got myself
back to his office with no trouble, it was kind of hard to miss. I knocked
at the slightly ajar door and Jeffrey called for me to enter. I walked over
to his desk, where he was just ending a phone call and he opened his
duffel bag full of money. "T'll be out at my other office for most of the
day, so instead of being locked inside I thought you should go do some
sightseeing for the day since it is your first trip to the Big Apple" He
didn't count how much he was giving me he just handed me a bundle out
of the banded $100 dollar bills. He knew just how pull the right strings,
making me squeal in delight and give him a kiss in the cheek, since we
were never really emotionally intimate, it would be odd to act in any
other way, but he seemed to like it.
I ran upstairs to get dressed for "City" shopping and put my make-up
on, then hit the streets of N.Y.C, looking for a place to start spending this
load of dosh. When I got to the end of 72"d street on 5th Avenue, I had no
idea which way to turn, left or right. I thought I'd just follow the lights
past Central Park and see the local sights on my way. My eyes were once
again peeled back in splendor. I had never imagined a place so busy with
the hustle and bustle of all the walks of life. My first stop was to buy a
disposable camera and I was off taking photos of every wonder that
caught my attention. I didn't do much shopping as I had planned too; I
was having too much fun exploring this capacious metropolitan.
When it started to hit dusk I began walking back to Jeffrey's but not
before stopping off to enjoy a giant slice of pepperoni pizza, it was the
best 1 had ever had, and considering I was going back to Jeffrey's
chickpea and tofu salad's or such. I really hated the healthy cuisine
served by Jeffrey's personal chef. I was a naturally skinny girl, never
watching what I ate and to eat that food I misht as well have chewed on
hay. I strolled back to Jeffrey's and was missed. Ghislane scolded me
here you are have ines, you se on cal for lary. Stared to
Case 18-2868,
nother eerie tapestry on the main wall as feature. There was a T.V and
uge kine sized bed. with zoose feathered comforter and pillows.
time, I looked most forward to my outings. I would return to Jeffrey's
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page582 of 648
37
38
I! Copyright I'rotected Matcrial
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004170
• Copyright Protccted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004171


mansion to attend to his sexual desires and when he was finished with
me, I'd be off to my adventures.
On the day before we were to be heading back to Palm Beach, Jeffrey
had a new proposition for me. I could make double the money I was
making, if I would look for pretty girls and convince them to come back
to Jeffrey's to be further persuaded with money to engage in bi-sexual
and sexual acts with Jeffrey and I. I asked him how does one actually
propose such a thing to a complete stranger? "Well" he said in a build up
to another kind of lesson. "If I were you I would use your charm to entice
them and my money to bring them, I would tell them you work for a
multi-billionaire who has a taste for young, beautiful girls and with his
contacts in the acting, modeling, or rich husband world, your boss could
help them. All they have to do is come meet me first." If I wasn't so
naïve at the time I would've seen that's exactly what he was doing with
me, my prospects were massage credentials, but with too much pain from
my past, I could only have hope. Not that I was a shy girl, but picking up
girls for one reason alone, only to be endorsed for her body, didn't sound
like something I could do. But not wanting to displease my master, I told
him that I would give it a go. You could tell he was instantly excited with
my agreement, he started to reveal the politics of what kind of girls he
was looking for. He wasn't into multi-cultural girls, a very chauvinistic
perception; he said they had to be uniquely gorgeous to be accepted by
him, but definitely no African-American girls, he was racist against
anything different to his kind, a very narrow minded way of thinking for
such a supposed brilliant man. The list went on and on. No girls with
tattoo's or piercing's, or gothics, no drug users, or prostitutes. Basically
he wanted everyone's daughter that looked like the girl next door, with
blue eyes and blonde curly ringlets. I just nodded and smiled, wanting
this to be over with and move on to another conversation, but so worked
up from our previous talk, instead he persisted to show me exactly what I
was good for to him. He took me up to the highest loft in his large
mansion and he lay down on his large bed, expecting me to know exactly
what he wanted done. As always, I complied. Part of me hating him for
having to degrade myself to be so subservient to his sexual whims, and
another part of me was telling myself to be grateful for the opportunities I
was being given.
The battles in my head were beginning to cause me too much anxiety,
when we got back to Palm Beach, I asked my Mom to make me a
doctor's appointment for some headaches I had been getting lately, so she
wouldn't question me. I walked out of the doctor's with a prescription for
a mind-altering anxiety tablet called "Xanax", not only did it help with
anxiety but it also acted as blanket over terrible memories. So when I had
to perform degrading acts, I would take a few pills and forget what
happened within the next hour and be able to become someone without a
I spent my sweet 16" birthday on his island in the Caribbean next to
"St. James Isle" he liked to call it "Little St. Jeff's", his ego was as
enormous as his appetite for fornicating. I was given a birthday cake and
a new collection of designer make-up from London. Ghislane made a
joke after I blew out my array of candles and said, "I'd be soon getting
too old for Jeffrey's taste, and soon they'd have to trade me in." She was
only half joking in a sad reality though. A few days after my birthday, a
girl was flying out to the island to join us for a few days before flying
back to N.Y.C. I was introduced to a pretty girl a few years my senior,
named Sarah. She had long ash blonde hair and big brown eyes that
hinted she had a cheeky nature. She had known Jeffrey before I had, and
he was supposedly trying to help her get an acting job in L.A. She was
obviously accustomed to the lifestyle he provided her, making it ever so
apparent with her prompt attention she lavished on him. She would do
things like strip nude and bathe around the swimming pool, taunting him
for sex. She was good at what she did, even putting me at ease with her
cool persona and funny jokes. Jeffrey told me privately that she was one
of his best at procuring young girls into her entrapment and delivering
them to him when he was in town, and when it came to time in the private
chambers with Jeffrey, Her and I, it wasn't hard to comprehend. She was
devoted to the moment, giving Jeffrey every imaginable lustful desire he
could fathom. On the last night there we all took a trip over to St. James
to go for a stroll, odd I thought, it was past 7pm and Jeffrey rarely strayed
out past then, unless it was some event or dinner party. While Ghislane
and him looked the average couple strolling arm in arm through the
streets, he said to Sarah and I, "Why don't you two hit the night club here
and see if there is anyone interesting to bring back for the evening?" It
was no one to accustom to Jeffrey's distinct taste to bring back, watching
Sarah flirt from girl to girl like a floating butterfly, gave me enough
un to his beckon call, but I also aided Ghislane in bringing in more girl
o keep the appetite of our sexually starving chief from going hungry.
tree, and not even someone like her could escape from its lure.
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page583 of 648
39
40
L! Copyright Protccted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004172
1 Copyright Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAI
GIUFFRE004173


Just like Ghislane had trained me it was now my job to reiterate that
onto other girls and thus the cycle of girls trying to climb the chain of
hierarchy would start all over each time I brought a new one in. The
sessions rarely differed much. They would mostly start out with Jeffrey
on top of the massage table already naked and me leading a girl into
massaging him until his instructions came to remove our clothing and if
they agreed to that, then Jeffrey knew he had them in his pocket, and
could do what ever else he wanted. He was never turned down in the
many years I stayed with him. Never being shy, he would tell us to start
kissing each other or depending on what he wanted we would perform
erotic acts sometimes with him fondling us, or just masturbating while he
watched. On explicit occasions, sex toys would be used on us girls,
making it all the more exciting for him to observe. Ending with a
payment of $200 for the new girl and $400 to me for bringing her. He
would then wait for us to leave before adding the events details of names
and payments in a little black diary he kept with him wherever he went,
so if he were in anyone of the city's he lived in, he would always have
contacts for sex.
I was slowly climbing the ladder, as Jeffrey was happy taking me
everywhere with him, within the States. Merely at home I distanced
myself from my Family altogether and with Jeffrey renting me an
apartment in Royal Palm Beach as well as a plush furnished apartment in
N.Y.C, there was hardly a need to see them. I just couldn't face everyone
thinking they all knew what I was really doing travelling around with a
man old enough to be my grandfather who supposedly only wanted me
for massages. Much further convincing myself of the lies I told myself, I•
took a liking to the Xanax, it felt like it was all a dream at times, even
meeting up with old contacts from school years who experimented with
drugs. I was flying around the country, seeing so many places in America
I had only heard about in Movies and making more money than anyone
my age and loving it. My friends didn't believe the lies I told them about
only being a massage therapist, some of them even asking if they can
meet Jeffrey too. At this point in my life my heart went missing for a
while and I stooped so low, I was even bringing my friends, I just saw
them as easy commission. When I wasn't playing servant to my master, I
vas partying hard, eventually using ecstasy pills, acid, and marijuana to
lisillusion the times I would've had away from Jeffrey to think about
what 1 was actually doing with my life. I realized something one day
hile I was alone, although I had Jeffrey to attend to sexually, it was no
ratifving I needed someone to come home to. someone I could call m
boyfriend and that showed me emotion not just a job to get done.
Chapter 7
not even thinking he would've spoken to the girls from our junior-high
circle and they would've mentioned him I was back in town, what I was
doing and where to find me. We were a drug-induced romance, which
budded from fake emotions the affects made us feel. He got what he
wanted, a free ride and not having to work, and I got what I deserved, a
man who could let me go away with this multi-billionaire I regarded as
different types of drugs they used hearing them speak about it in his
presence. "I thought a person on drugs would be all strung out and
41
42
i Copyright Protocted Material
CONFDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004174
• Copyright Protecled Material
CONFIDENTIAL
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page584 of 648


having such an open conversation about things Jeffrey had never
experienced before and he seemed okay with everything I was telling him
as we were having a good laugh together, so I thought I could push it a bit
further and tell him the truth about T.J, since it was bound to come out
sooner than later I'd rather not the latter, when it would look even worse
that I kept the truth from him for so long.
"Well why were opening up about things together", I continued by
saying "I had met someone from my past and we have been hanging out a
lot lately. When I haven't been travelling with you I have been with him
and I was wondering if you minded if I started to see this guy." He started
to laugh out loud, "Are you serious? Of course not, no one in this world is
monogamous, why would I expect you to be?" I was smitten with relief,
but a little bit dis-heartened when I heard him speak that way and I
wondered to myself if he'd had his own personal encounter with
Of course the evening concluded in the same way it always had, the only
reason I was really even there in the first place. Upon his request I
straddled him on top of the table and let him explode with pleasure inside
of me. Thinking the entire time about T.J, 1 felt so terrible but I quickly
had to wipe the thoughts of guilt from my mind not to give Jeffrey the
wrong impression. So I had myself busy with two men in my life, but
that's not what I really wanted for myself. I wanted an occupation that
would eventually set me free from depending on a man as my source of
I asked Jeffrey before I left for the evening, when my real training was
going to begin and he liked my assertiveness. I thought it meant to him
that I was taking my job with him seriously, but it was all part of his
master plan to keep me by his side. Within a couple of weeks of my
her white uniform to reveal her beautiful nude body and a much darker
side to her personality.
I couldn't believe it at first it was such a state of shock and I began to
question t myself if this was normal in the massage profession to expect
this kind of clientele to request such degrading tasks even though they
were professionals. At the end of the session she was paid $300 dollars an
additional hundred for helping to train me as well, and I was paid my
usual $200 dollars then we were both invited by Jeffrey to join him out
by the pool for a cool dip. With Jeffrey making a few phone calls while
her and I undressed again for a swim, I wanted to ask her a few personal
questions about what she's come to learn about the Massage Therapy
game, but I never got the chance as we were joined by Ghislane moments
later. She was asking how my training was going and booked the
therapist in for herself in the following morning.
back to do another training session with me. It didn't take me long to
figure out why.
thought it was the usual call to come over to his house, but he surprised
me. Instead I would be going to the exclusive hotel in Palm Beach
tonight, The Breaker's, where I would be meeting my first ever clients.
Only told their first names I was given some instructions and the address
where to meet Glen and Eva. They were a married couple with one on the
way. I was quite concerned when I heard she was pregnant, being 1 really
didn't know the body that well and didn't want to inflict any wrong doing
on the unborn baby but Jeffrey insisted I take this job. Just massage her
gently where she wants to be rubbed and to save all of my energy for
Glen's massage, since it was going to be a four-hour job. In an
emphasized tone of voice I was being coached by Jeffrey to treat Glen
and what they were saying. I felt like I had picked myself up out of the
lurches and had a direction again.
I was in the middle of another training session, with Jeffrey the
nless of course it was for Jeffrey's own pleasure to watch the punch lin
f the session. when I was shocked to hear Jeffrev ask one of the
therapists to now remove her shirt. He had no shame I thought. Even
though she was above his usual age criteria, she was still a pretty woman
her early 30's with curly blonde hair and had an athletic body for a
other of two children. She didn't hesitate in his request. It looked li
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page585 of 648
43
44
• Copyright Protocted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004176
] Convright Protected Matcrial
CONFIDENTIAI
GIUHFRE004177


softly and slowly. So at ease with her nude body she even asked me to
massage her swelling breasts, in a non- sexual way. Not knowing any
other way but that way, I was trying to oblige in her request doing the
very best I could to relieve her but couldn't help but giggle to myself at
the very sight of this. She said she was very happy at the end of the
massage and rolled over to go to sleep, asking me to turn out the light at
the end of it. I closed the door gently as if not to disturb her, and went to
find my other client.
The apartment's lights had been turned out for the sleeping children and
I found Glen awaiting for me in the lounge room where I had to call out
"Excuse me?" as I couldn't see him in the dark. There was a throw rug on
the ground that he had already placed out as he began to strip down in
preparation of the massage. Lying frontwards facing me with his exposed
and ever growing manhood, I asked him to roll over to begin the
massage. He complied with a cheeky smile and from his eagerness to
show he was not shy indeed, I already knew where this was going to end
I found it much more strenuous to massage on the floor but I wouldn't
let that hold me back I wanted to have a career and this being my first
ever clients, I didn't want them to disapprove. Nearly four hours after I
had gotten there I was still hard at work. Mentally preparing for the end
of the session he let me know when he was ready to begin the other side
to my job and just like Jeffrey did the first time, he requested me to take
off my clothes starting with my shirt. When 1 complied, the requests kept
coming in and before I could change my mind and run away, I was
having intercourse with this man that was so comfortable doing all of this
while his pregnant wife and children slept in the room beside us. When
he had climaxed, we both got up and dressed and he paid me a large tip
Lying out on one of the pool decks blue and white striped lounge beds
I was waiting for Jeffrey to finish his business so I could give him his
massage. He never took too long with his work, unless there was
something wrong and then we would all have to wear his mood but today
he seemed fine though, when we went up the stairs he told me we would
be leaving for his ranch in Santa Fe', New Mexico in the morning and I'd
need to be packed and ready tonight. They loved leaving in the spur of
the moment, Jeffrey once said he checks with his pilot Larry on the best
weather before he heads to a different destination. I enjoyed spending
time at his ranch being it was my favorite of all of his residences. He had
a lavish Mediterranean looking castle on top of a hill that over looked his
extensive 7,500 acres of property. It has an indoor pool, gym, and all the
trimmings of extravagance I could only imagine. I had a great time on the
quad bikes, Sarah and I often got scolded for tipping one over going to
fast or trying to go up a steep hill, but we knew those weren't the things
he cared about, so it wouldn't matter. My favorite of it all was his little
town with it's own fire station and truck, stables full of horses, and little
cottages where the housekeepers and ranch hands lived.
On my own time I would take one of the quad bikes down to the
stables and saddle up on one of his beautiful horses and go for a ride in
45
46
U Copyright Protected Matcrial
CONFIDENTLAL
GIUFFRE004178
• Copyright P'rotected Matcrial
CONFIDENTIAL
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page586 of 648


little water under the bridge between my folks and I. With my life
heading in a different direction I didn't see any use in holding on to so
much hate especially that I didn't even have to see them that much.
We got back to "Zorro Ranch", the name Jeffrey chose to call the
massive land he bought to build his fortress on, and Jeffrey told me that
he was looking forward to one of my famous relaxing massages and with
that notion he gave my bags of shopping to one of the many housemaids
who greeted us at the front door and asked her to bring my bags to the
exquisite room I was staying in. We headed straight downstairs just past
the massage room and gym there is an indoor heated pool, shower and
spa. First Jeffrey wanted to warm up in the spa underneath a decorated
ceiling of clouds and blue skies. Starting the massage in the spa I rubbed
his feet while he reclined into the spa's jets. We spoke of the museum and
some of the knick-knacks I had bought and I thanked him for the
turquoise earrings and necklace he had got for me as a gift, joking about
not ever knowing what to get for him, being that he was richest man I'd
ever known. By no far means did we ever have any kind of a mutual
respectful bond between us, but there was a significant softer side he
began to share with me that was different from how he treated his other
girls. Maybe it was my feet that filled the shoes for that time being, or the
fact my novelty hadn't worn off yet, but what ever it was I was getting
confused from the double-sided life I was leading.
He got up from the spa tub shortly thereafter and asked me to come
wash him in the shower. It was nothing unordinary to me, I was used to
his need to be nurtured and pampered. I performed his request with a
cheerful mannerism, letting him think I was taking care of him out of my
sheer sweetness. I got the towels ready for him to get out of the shower
and towel dried him, patting his skin instead of rubbing as previously
nstructed. "You know you have a very maternal instinct, you'll make a
ine mother someday" he would constantly acclaim at my gentleness. "I
hope so"I replied, I would love to have my own babies one day, but not
any time soon". Laughing at the very thought of that.
We walked up the steps and through the French doors into the gym's
adjoining massage room. It was smaller room than in his other houses,
placing the emphasis on the large massage bed in the center. I grabbed
another clean towel to keep him warn while I prepared the music, lights,
cents, which reminded me of woodlands in the spring. Always enjoying
he beginning of the massage, I put my heart and soul into training in my
profession. I could just close my eyes I would see only with my hands the
areas that needed the most work, and even though I wasn't a professional
vet, Jeffrey could feel and told me there wasn't many that could please
something he'd say nice to all the giris, but in the time I had known him I
could honestly say it wasn't like him to compliment girls in any other
way than regards to a sexual performance or their looks. I was flattered at
his praise and when the massage was over, so were the sentiments. I was
back to being used for my body and what I could do with it.
With him satisfied and off for a nap, I could go do what ever I wanted,
like usually I would go down to the stables or something adventurous, but
today I was in a melancholy mood, just wanting to relax and unwind
myself in a giant tub in my bathroom. I got out some of the oils I used on
Jeffrey putting them in the steaming water and popped two of my Xanax
pills, forgetting about my troubles and focusing on the quiet moment at
hand, just wanting to soak up the peacefulness of it. Nearly slipping away
to sleep in the tub, I was startled when I got the call on the intercom to
Everybody seemed in good spirits at dinner, which helped to lift mine.
We all ate our meals and went into the movie room to watch a newly
released movie. It was a ritualistic scenario, most nights that everyone
was at ease we would all sit in one of his various located movie rooms
and hang out together. Just as he always would Jeffrey asked Emmy and
me to both grab a foot during the movie that night and just keep
massaging through the film. We were always on call for duty, no matter
where we were or what ever time it was. He would just plop a foot up or
pass over his hand at any given time and require a massage, even if the
film went on for over two hours, I would still be required to sit on the
floor rubbing his feet or hands, and even his scalp at times. After the
credits had rolled Ghislane got up to close the door to the room and I
knew she had received the signals herself and would proceed to
manipulate, violate, and use us to satisfy Jeffrey's urges once more before
up and led me to the other couch across from Jeffrey and situated herself
on top of me, sliding her fingers through my dress to unbutton my attire,
revealing my girlish figure and two small peaks. Pushing my head into
her breasts I was being fondled by Emmy at the same time, which took
her cue when she saw Ghislane look in my direction. From an occasional
glance upwards, I could see that Jeffrey was up to his methodical foreplay
stroking his manhood while watching the build up to his main event.
They both took turns making me moan from their touches and when
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page587 of 648
47
48
• Copyright P'rotocted Material
GIUFFRE004180
[l Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004181


Ghislane was ready too she would insinuate we do the same to her. She
urged me downwards, until my head was between her opened legs and
exein his as eargie for tience they my ades paged being terray.
old man was they could never last long.
Departing to our own separate quarters for the night, I called T.J for
condolence. It was so important for me to feel like I had someone out
there who saw me as more than a pretty girl with vulnerabilities. I needed
to maintain some sort of a connection to my youthful side. But it would
be to no avail as I was getting used to being badly disappointed by all the
men in my life.
Chapter 8
'he phone nearly rang out and as I was about to hang up the receive
hen he finally picked up. On the other end of the phone I could hardl
hear T.J above the background noises. When I asked where he was he
told me "At our place baby", meaning the apartment Jeffrey had rented
for me to be staying in alone. He already sounded off his chops
elongating his words and slurring his speech. There was music pumping
and people shouting behind him and every one sounded like they were
having a great time. I was so sick of his friends coming over using my
house as a place to party and then trashing it so bad I would even have to
sometimes throw my furniture out. I blew up at him over the phone and
threatened to kick him out, back to his parent's house, so much for my
relaxing evening I thought to myself venturing on to tell him "You leech
off me using the money I leave behind for you for drugs and throw these
gigantic parties while I'm away." Also mentioning the disastrous messes
I would come home too. "I am so close to ending it with you", I would
openly threaten, but he knew better than I did, that I just couldn't bring
myself to do so. needing some attachment to my youth through all of this.
"Don't worry baby" he would say attempting to soothe me with his false
words going on to tell me how much he was missing me and how he was
always thinking about me when I was away which was like all the time.
hoosing a guy that accepted my lifestyle with my
so eloquently put it to him once as not only acceptable but deemed it
"Cool". The conversation ended with an easy good-bye and no "I-Love-
You's" or anything sweet. We weren't those kinds of partners yet, so
much time spent away from each other and the lifestyles we both led, I
couldn't expect much more from him than what we already had.
Jeffrey and I left two days later, heading off to Carmel in California for
a business trip of his, leaving Ghislane and Emmy to catch a commercial
flight back to N.Y.C, where we would meet up with them later. When we
arrived at the hotel we were given badges for the meeting tomorrow and
settled into our rooms. We got adjoining rooms, keeping the doors open
at all times, but sleeping in different beds. He liked sleeping alone, even
after a late night session I would always go back to my own room. I think
that's why he liked me so much I never put pressure on him to become
intimately more than what we were already, never giving him the
impression I wanted more than what we had. It seemed to keep him
happy just the way we were together. I hung out with Jeffrey that night,
going to a restaurant for dinner and afterwards watching a movie back at
The next morning we went for an early morning breakfast before the
conference and Jeffrey gave me some money to go shopping instead of
attending the all day meeting with him. I was more than obliged to accept
his request, and wished him a good day before planning to meet back in
the room around six pin. He gave me five hundred dollars. He said it was
Case 18-2868,
up some bits of clothing here and there and even met a girl who was
passing through on a road trip. She was somewhere in her late teens with
golden sunshine tresses, olive skin and blue eyes. Her name escapes me,
as it was so unexpected, I think it was Tina or something like that but she
was your typical California carefree chic, offering me a few tokes of her
jay as we ducked down a side street together. I was so happy I had met
this girl, as she was fun spirited and charismatic a relief from the social
expectations I had come to know lately, but always being "on-call" as I
had been trained up to be, I ended up inviting her back to meet Jeffrey at
our hotel later on as a surprise for him. Maybe she was just a bit too
carefree for Jeffrey's taste but anyhow she was pretty enough to let him
be the judge of that matter.
Over the next hour of hanging out together I found out that she was on
a road trip with her best friend who was still sleeping off the hard night of
partying from the night before. She was originally from the southern
states as she had a bit of draw still left in her accent, and she had recently
left her bovfriend because he was leaving for a college too far away not
believing in long distance relationships. Then it was my turn to dish out
my contribution to the conversation of getting to know each other better. I
always got anxiety before I would tell a girl what I did for work and
romance (as such), morally I was ashamed of who I was especially with a
virl having led somewhat of a normal life. Next. as always. I expected to
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page588 of 648
49
50
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004182
• Copyright Protocted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004 183


be probed with so many more questions and having to make Jeffrey
sound ideal and hot for the taste of a young girl and knew I would be
point blank lying, so I told her some of the truth which was that he was
really rich and paid good money for a massage and useful to have around
as a contact. I told her he'd give her two hundred dollars for a two-hour
massage with me leading the way and warning her he was known to be
frisky during the session. Unexpectedly she said she could use the money
and then came the part that I hated the most, but had to do so they
wouldn't be as shocked as I was the first time I had met him. "He does
like us to be nude though and sometimes asks for more than just the
massage itself". All I could do was wait for a response after a shocking
sentence like that, and depending on the girl, most were sadly taken back
by the money. Her carefree attitude seemed to disillusion for a moment
when she gave it some thought and asked me "He's not like, fat and ugly,
is he"? " "No..no...not at all" I replied, "He's got more of a Richard
Gere appeal to him". Trying to make him sound a little more measurable
than just a rich old man that likes to be with girls younger than half his
age.
"Well then, what time shall we meet tonight"? She asked next.
Great, I thought, Jeffrey would be most pleased with my find. "Knock on
my room quietly, you're going to be a surprise. Be there at around half
past seven tonight and I will introduce you to Jeffrey". She threw the butt
of the second jay we shared in the bushes and we strolled into a
homemade fudge boutique to get some relief for the munchies we now
When I got back to the hotel at around a quarter to six o'clock pm as
requested l'd be, nobody was back yet, so I took the time to set up the
oils and bath in my room for his massage tonight. I thought I would plan
collared shirt and put on his normal attire of sweatpants and a sweatshirt.
Ushering him out the door for dinner when he was more relaxed I was
lucky when he said he was starving and quickly got dressed. We just
found a quite spot to eat that was next to the wharf and got back to the
hotel just in time for our surprise guest. He wanted to go have a shower
and settle down for a massage, so I told him I'd join him in a minute, I
just had to make a phone call real quick which he thought was odd and
asked me if everything was alright, I reinstated that I'd just be a minute,
trying not to let on about anything. The knock came quietly on my
room's door just on time, as we had planned and I told her my idea to
surprise him. I let her into the bathroom where she orchestrated my plan
perfectly. Jeffrey finished his shower without me and when he called out
for me I told him that I neded him to have a look at something in my
room real quick. Not giving in to what it was that he would be looking at,
he came into the room where I opened my bathroom door to reveal a
beautiful nude girl bathing in a thick amount of soap bubbles in my tub
looking at him with an alluring intrigue. His grin went from ear to ear
when she stood up and introduced herself letting the bubbles run down
her glistening body at an ever-slow pace. It was a proud moment for
Jeffrey, I had done well in his eyes, and she was not like the other gıris 1
had brought to him before, degraded from a lifetime of abuse off the
streets. This girl was exactly his pro quo looking sweet and innocent as
the girl next door. My efforts were to show him I knew that my only
responsibility was to keep him happy at all costs. I led her through the
massage on Jeffrey and of course afterwards gratifying his perversion
with his lustful requests to be fondled and watch us become more than
just friends. I didn't feel too bad at the time with his coercion providing
unexpected surprise to come, I told him it was a great day of shopping
and sizht seeing and I even brought him back some local made fudge
in the shop that had fulfilled my chocolate cravings only hours ag
•Ilino him of the olaces I ventured into I mentioned to him "We'
have to hit the fisherman's wharf tomorrow. I saw some locals walking
asond wih brunbiokces fte sal vit he vey er were nice verd checkie d
out tomorrow before we left for L.A. He wanted to take off his jeans and
the seals playfully barking at each other on the rocks nearby. Shortly after
we were driven to the private airstrip and took off for Los Angeles. On
characters from. He told me it was all based on his own family make up,
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page589 of 648
51
52
D Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004184
O Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004185


but without the crazy father and son scenes of Homers hand around Bart's
I was enjoying our conversation, when Jeffrey insisted that I give Matt
a foot massage throughout the duration of the short flight. I never turned
down a client but when I saw the shape of his feet, I nearly threw up at
the thought of having to touch them. He had yellow crusty toenails that
even someone with a chainsaw would've had troubles cutting through
and then there was the fluffy balls of leftover pieces of sock wedged
between the crevices of his sweaty toes, now that was the real icing on
the cake for me, no way could I attempt this I thought. Then I had an
idea. I went to the back of the plane and rinsed a wash cloth in warm
soapy water and returned for his dreaded foot massage but not before
attempting to clean them first.
In return for my services Matt was kind enough to draw me two quick
sketches on blank paper from his briefcase of my two favorite characters,
Homer and Bart. I asked if he would make them out to my little brother
and dad, the true fans of the family not missing an episode during dinner
over the past ten years or so. Next to the A-4 size drawing he was able to
fit in the quote "To my greatest fan from Matt Groening" and their names
next to it. I knew they'd absolutely love it, and it was such a nice gesture
his feet were no longer an issue as I laughed it off and even made a joke
to the comedian about getting a pedicure before hitting L.A's beaches.
The flight was only short and we arrived in busy L.A within the hour,
saying Good-Bye to Matt, who was a pleasure to meet. Jeffrey had a
meeting at a production studio for one of the girls he was keeping lured in
his grasps, so we were off yet again for more business. We were staying
with one of his old girlfriends, Jeffrey's code for "She got to old for my
taste, but was still nice enough to keep around". She was a tall blonde
with blue eyes, a stereotypical Barbie doll. In her younger years she had
been a successful model and now lived on the beaches of Santa Monica
with a sweeping view of the oceans landscape as her backyard.
The next mornine Jeffrey and I went out to breakfast. He said Sarah
Keller, would be joining us with another one of Jeffrey's girls I hadn't
met vet. her name was Nadia Biorlin and she was a Yugoslavian model
turned aspiring actress, with the help of Jeffrey, as he so proudly
remarked at the table before they arrived shortly thereafter. She was a
stunning brunette with olive skin tones and shocking blue eyes. By far
one of the most beautiful girls I had ever met before. She and Sarah
approached the table, shopping bags in hands already in the early hours of
the day. They both pulled out a chair and showed us their new pair of
Jimmy Choo's they had bought on their way here this morning, and
excitedly asked for Jeffrey's opinion. He loved the doting attention and
anyone who could make him feel important. We all went back to Sarah's
apartment that Jeffrey rented for her on Malibu Beach. This was the first
time Jeffrey came to visit and when we got there you could see why. It
was a tiny one-bedroom shack, too small for his likes of accommodation,
but she loved it and it was plain to see why, the waves lapped underneath
her porch twice a day, what else could anyone want. Before even walking
through her door, you could hear the commotion of excitedly screaming
females voices coming from inside. There were about five other girls in
Sarah's living room and she had invited them so Jeffrey could have a few
different girls to choose from. Jeffrey looked at Sarah and smiled, aren't
you sweet, as all the girls rushed to introduce themselves, hoping for the
opportunities Sarah had offered them to come in the first place.
We all had some coffee and biscuits while the conversation kept getting
louder and louder, every girl trying to talk over the next one. Jeffrey
could handle only so much of that before getting too annoyed. Instead of
choosing one of the other new girls, Jeffrey wanted Sarah to show Nadia
and I into her bedroom. He was anticipating the introduction of his two
favorite girls together, what mischief he had hoped we would get up to
was apparent when he asked where Sarah had kept her play toys and not
the fisher price ones. Sarah brought out quite a collection of her personal
toys and was giggling on her way out as she shut the door. Suddenly the
room behind us went quiet, probably hoping to catch a moan or groans
too laugh at and I felt so degraded having everyone knowing exactly what
was going on. Knowing my duties well I was baffled this time as there
was no ritualistic massage wanted. He immediately instructed us to start
kissing and fondling each other with the provided toys straight away
seeing his excitement grow watching us try and out do the other one with
pleasure, he couldn't keep restraint any longer and started to have
intercourse with the both of us, taking his erect penis out of the other to
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page590 of 648
53
54
O Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFHRE004186
1 Copyright Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE00+187


stopped at a fifties looking diner and got a cheeseburger and vanilla
milkshake, the first and only time 1 saw Jeffrey eat what I considered to
be real food. Seven lanes to drive in and the freeway was still lined
bumper to bumper in the heavy rain. The sound of downpour on the
rooftop of the taxi and the rhythm of the windshield wipers was making
me sleepy. I was looking forward to sleeping through the long flight
back. Thank goodness we had a private jet to catch back, the trip would
be comfortable and not rushed to get there on time through the daily peak
hour traffic. Jeffrey asked me what I thought of Nadia, more of a kiss and
tell kind of thing for him, so proud to admit some of his tenacious acts of
dophilia to me that I knew most people would be embarrassed to ev
ink aloud but I said what he wanted to hear when he asked me wha
had thought of her on the way back. I replied, "She is attractive, funny,
and seems to know what she is doing with you." Laughing at my
statement, he then started to tell me the history behind where he got her.
Five vegrs ago when she was merely a teenager just turned thirteen. Her
father had recently passed away, leaving Nadia's mother in a tremendous
amount of debt and living in a third world country, she didn't have the
means necessary to raise her own daughter. When Ghislane approached
Nadia for the first time at a music school, she seemed like a maternal,
caring stepmother. Telling Nadia's mother if she let Nadia go with her,
she would se to it personally that Nadia receive the best education and
chances in life to make it. In her customs it wasn't odd for a young girl to
be married off to bring the family good fortune, so she kissed her baby
girl good-bye and sent her off to commence her life of servitude. I sat
there speechless listening to Jeffrey brag about his endeavor to get her
over here, shocked that he could stoop as low to use a barely teen to
blige his sexual desires. He was laughing and giddy as he replayed the
lemories of her arrival over in his head. painting me a horrific picture l
had no choice but to imitate a smile to face him with.
o pretty girl is safe from the allurement of these villains procuring t
uth off of every street in the world. I knew that day more than ev
Chapter 9
We met Ghislane and Emmy in N.Y.C, and it wasn't a blissful reunion
as I hoped for, wanting a break from all of this I was just looking forward
to getting back to Palm Beach, not leaving for a further four more days. I
got home late in the evening as Jeffrey invited me out to the movies after
we had relaxed at his house for a while after landing
I put my keys through the door to my apartment and walked in to a
quiet house. Not thinking anyone was at home I set my suitcase on the
floor and put my cell phone on charge as I always did to be accessible for
whenever Jeffrey or Ghislane could call. I went to get a drink out of the
fridge when I heard some noises coming from the back of my apartment
here my bedroom was. I started back there and slowly turned my
loorknob to reveal T.J on top of another girl. When they noticed thes
weren't alone anymore, T.J got off her with promptness. I recognized the
girl from seeing her around at parties, and she was the town lowie,
scattering her trail of guys along with her presumable diseases, and I
wasn't shy to verbalize that when she tried to open her mouth and calm
the heated situation between T.J and I. She didn't like her cards on the
able in front of the guy she was screwing around with and got up in a fi
frage to attack me. Still nude with only my new white sheets to cove
her body, 1 threw her out of my house along with T.J. "I have been
paying your way for months, only finding out your sleeping with the
biggest slut in Royal Palm Beach, at least have some dignity and higher
your standards." I didn't really have a leg to stand on since I had started
this relationship giving him the knowledge I had a sugar daddy to answer
to above him. "You're gone all the time and with that old man, what did
you expect me to do"? He was right, I wanted what I couldn't have, but I
needed some time to cool down and accept my situation. I loved having
Case 18-2868,
olleague of his. Mine was the massage career, ever so often still giving
le a lesson from a professional, which kept me quiet for a while longer
I thought 1 was already knee deep in this world, if I gave up after putting
nyself through all of this hell it would've all been be for nothing. So I
treaded lightly, constantly at a risk of being replaced by another willing
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page591 of 648
55
56
D Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004188
Copyright Protected Mater
NEIDENTL
GIUFFRE004 189


emotion any further I told him what happened with T.J and broke down
in tears, a little heart broken from living in such a lie. He turned around
from his massage and sincerely paused for a second thinking he was
going to console me but instead he laughed at the very prospect of my
notion that monogamous relationships ever existed. "Are you serious, he
was only doing what every guy in the world does, you can't hold that
against him". I replied in a lighthearted gesture "whose side are you on
anyways? His answer stuck with me for many years to come "I'm on
your side which is why I'm going to save you a lot of grief with this one
tip, Never expect a man to be faithful and you'll never be let down, it's
just the way us men are genetically imprinted." The remainder of the
massage I had to pretend like 1 wasn't further saddened by his response,
but in fact having to act enlightened. I would never come to him for any
other relationship advice, ever again. He told me l'd be fine if I just
listened to my mentor. He still loved role-playing the teacher and me the
pupil, like the old days before he got rich and only used to be a college
professor. I finished the massage and fulfilled my sexual duties before
being sent home wanting to collapse in anguish.
T.J was outside my apartment door when I got there, his mom waiting
downstairs in her minivan just in case I kicked him out again. He pleaded
his guilt and promised that he would never see her again, agreeing with
me that she was the town slut and he screwed up big time. I let him back
into my apartment and back into my life for that matter but more aware of
the world I was being led into believing was of normal conduct accepted
by everyone in this sick world. Jeffrey was going back to N.Y.C and told
me to have a few days off before his assistant at his office would arrange
an E-Ticket on a commercial flight for me to join him later in the week. I
had just made loads of money from my previous trip and wanted to relax
like any teenager does, so i threw a hotel party that weekend on Singer
Island in Rivera Beach, inviting only a small group of friends to begin
The hotel room quickly filled up with a flood of teens and the pumping
music was blaring. The room had a balcony overlooking the pool and the
beach that became the smoker's section. I wasn't a real smoker at that
point, preferring to have a puff of a spiffed blunt instead so I made it my
ule to go outside trvine to prevent holes in the carpet. but it didn't last
much money that I could supply my wild parties with an assortment of
drugs like trips, ecstasy, and coke as well as an abundance of alcohol, that
T.J had all the contacts for, made my fellow teens admire me. It definitely
dilated into little black diamonds. We were all having in depth
conversations about life and where we would all end up when this
charade was all said done. Nobody got to sleep that night as the room
slowly dwindled in numbers as people were finding their way home to
recover from the repercussions of drugs wearing down out of their
When I flew out to N.Y.C to meet Jeffrey the next day, I was still in a
horrible state. Not knowing what was wrong with me, thinking it was just
a bad come down, I rushed out of the elevator and down the hall to my
room, sweating profusely, to make it just in time to the toilet to throw up
bile again for the uncountable time since getting off the plane. I was
having intense cramps in my stomach and when I was called down to
meet Jeffrey in the massage room, I had to decline for the first time. I told
the housekeeper that I was feeling very ill after the flight, maybe some off
food for lunch and needed to lie down for a while. Nobody came up to
check on me for hours or even called. Waking up from my much-needed
nap, I pulled back the expensive white sheets to find myself in a pool of
my own sweat and blood. I was covered in the red stains that drenched
the pants I was wearing. I had no idea what was going on, I could only
focus on the dire amount of pain I was in. In between the heaves of
throwing up and crying simultaneously I was able to reach the phone and
called the housemaid on the intercom. I told her I needed to go to a
hospital immediately and slammed the phone down only to fall back to
the floor hurdled in a ball. She didn't hesitate in calling Ghislane who ran
up to see what was wrong. Ghislane then called Jeffrey who was in his
office at the time and told him to hurry up to my level, stressing to him
that it was an emergency. Thinking they really cared about me for the
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page592 of 648
57
58
E Copyright Protocted Matcrial
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004190
Copyright Protected Materis
ONFIDENTIA
GIUFFRE00+191


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page593 of 648
When the pain relief kicked in, everything and everyone dwindled
away until I felt like Alice in Wonderland who just swallowed the
shrinking tablet and everyone standing around me seemed to move so
quick, speak so loud and hover above me. When I awoke from my
induced state, I was alone in a different room. Not knowing at all what
went on but feeling a little better, I called in the nurse who looked
through my charts and checked my vital signs. Then told me the doctor
would be in shortly to inform me of the conclusion to my illness.
He was a tall man with dark hair, and a hardened look about him
obviously from his job and constantly seeing the worst horror stories man
could think of, he just bluntly told me I had miscarried in early stages of
pregnancy. I should be fine to go home as soon as my course of
intravenous antibiotics was complete. The news sunk in fast and hit a
deep nerve. I waited for the doctor to close the curtain before I let out any
emotion and cried for my disastrous lifestyle that was dragging me into a
world that I wanted to break out of. This reoccurring cycle of believing I
needed men like Jeffrey to succeed in my life was draining the last bits of
sensitivity left in my heart. I was picked up by Jeffrey himself who took
the doctor alone to the side of the busy hallway to have a private
conversation about something. Jeffrey wasn't comforting at all, instead he
sent me back home to rest for a couple weeks, and I only fell deeper into
a depression, using all forms of self medication to treat my sorrows.
Two weeks later, as if Jeffrey was trying to lighten my spirits, he told
me I would be going to his island to meet a new client He is a Harvard
Professor, named Stephen
7. I would be spending two days with
him showing him around the island, dining with him, and treating him to
a massage whenever he wanted. Without Jeffrey even verbalizing the
need to have sex with him, he told me to keep him happy like I had my
first client. I packed my suitcase with island apparel, and kissed T.J good-
bye, who had at least offered me a warm embrace upon the news of my
miscarriage but none other than that knowing it wasn't his.
Stephen was a quirky little man with white hair and a mad scientist lool
bout him. We arrived separately and I greeted him when one of the
compliment the sights mother nature that appealed to us. I didn't feel as if
I owed this stranger anything but what was expected of me by Jeffrey and
I could be polite, I just couldn't be myself.
We got back to the main villa to see what time dinner would be served
so we could have time to unpack and clean up beforehand. We both met
at six pm for dinner on the outside veranda. He sat at the head of the
table and I sat next to him, politely folding my napkin to put in my lap.
The first time Jeffrey and Ghislane had seen me cut meat and eat with a
fork and knife they were so appalled, making fun of my unsophisticated
habits. Ghislane took the fork and knife in her hands and proceeded to
show me how to politely cut my food and eat. Now that my mannerisms
had improved they wouldn't have to be worried about my etiquette when
someone important was around anyone. We both drank the red wine
supplied on the table and it seemed to warm me up on the breezy night
By the time dinner was served and another red wine bottle later, he
seemed to get funnier. I made fun of his tousled hair and he poked at me
for my skinny legs, calling me a wanna be-anorexic. When dessert was
brought out, he asked if he could receive one of the delightful massages
he has been hearing about from Jeffrey. I gulped more red wine down and
sweetly complied with his offer, dreading the moment I'd have to see his
naked body, let alone touch it. I asked the housekeeper Kathy that had
been serving us that night to please have someone set up a massage bed
in one of the cabana's. I went to my room to down a few Xanax, telling
him I wanted to freshen up after dinner but to meet me in his cabana in
twenty minutes or so. I was ready to go as I had said, twenty minutes
later, with the effects of the tablets mixed with the red wine, and I would
be free not to feel anything. He was still dressed when I got in the cabana,
obviously not accustomed to this and a lot shyer than what I had been
acquaintances and he looked as if he was tripping over himself with
words, obviously delighted with his company and location for the
i thin the watch him lovas the eh for real misia nd ave
one hundred meters off the dock. He didn't do any bouncing around o
nything like that. It was just a good base point for a rest spot after a lon
cliff and just sat there, not saying a word to each other besides to
59
60
i Copyright Protocted Material
GIUFFRE004192
CopyrightProtected Mater
INFIDENTI
GIUFFREC04193


swim. What was really cool about it though, was you could see through
the mesh and watch fish swimming underneath.
The rest of the afternoon we spent by the pool reading magazines and
eating fruit plates. Eventually he went to his cabana to have a nap later
on. That night after dinner and my mixed cocktail of Xanax and red wine,
I asked if he'd like another massage before I went to bed. He just wanted
to stay up watching movies in Jeffrey's theatre room. As peculiar as that
request was to me I didn't argue it, I just hoped I hadn't disappointed him
in any way that could make it back to Jeffrey. I showed him how to use
the remote and turn off the T.V when he was finished before going to
bed. The next morning we were both catching a flight from St. Thomas
and we had no time for anything other than breakfast and packing, which
saved me from having to be too polite as we said our good-bye's from the
terminal in the airport, both hurriedly off in separate directions,
thankfully. I arrived back in Palm Beach, only to be told to catch another
flight the next day to N.Y.C, where Jeffrey would fix me up the money he
owed me for treating his colleague out to an entertaining weekend.
Chapter 10
I was fixed up more than what I had usually made for two days, which
was great because that car I had been saving for was finally within my
reach. I had been waiting for the freedom a car gives every teenager for a
long time, and now that I had over fifteen thousand dollars saved up I
could pretty much afford to go buy myself a nice car outright. Looking
much better than the last time I saw him Jeffrey acknowledged it. I went
to his office where he was waiting for me and he had a guest with him.
She was unusual looking to the common stereotype drop dead gorgeous
girls Jeffrey had normally introduced me to. Of Asian decent, her name
was Rena. Jeffrey had met her at an art gallery where some of her own
artwork was on display. She had a bubbly persona about her and I could
then understand why Jeffrey liked her so much, she fit into the
subservient category that he liked his girls to fall under. It was apparent
to me that they had already slept together in the short time span they had
met, as there closeness was oddly noticeable and I wondered what it was
he was offering to her in exchange for her body. I found out later from
Jeffrey that he was buying her artwork, promising her the world as an
artist, telling her he'd have her work in the all the museums in N.Y.C and
the best art exhibits. Everyone was promised something, and seemed to
be bought off in someway or another to be in his company. It was only a
matter of time that the truth would come out.
To my own amazement Rena was to be assisting me in Jeffrey's
massage this day, not being a total knockout or anything spectacular,
looks wise that is, but for some reason he seemed intrigued enough. As
we made our way through his spectacular mansion she was in total awe at
every corner. Commenting on the present artwork and décor that we
passed in every hall, it no longer seemed so grandeur to me anymore but
hearing someone else speak about it in such excitement reminded me of
the days when all of this seemed so unforeseen.
When we got to the massage room, or "The Dungeon" as 1 used to put
it for it's medieval looking appearance, we firstly out of custom all had a
steam shower, where Jeffrey expected me to walk her through a servants
duties, telling her to take his other foot and start rubbing in small circles
and stroking the arches of his foot rhythmically. Rena took the
instructions well and began to massage him too. When we all went to the
shower next and she followed in my exact lead washing his body as well.
Jeffrey absolutely loved the fact that two teenage girls were dually
pampering him. Jeffrey wanted to move to the massage bed and I had to
further begin to show her about the body, upon his accord. She mimicked
my every move up his legs and buttocks, keeping up with every stroke
until he could not contain his arousal any longer and was already
requesting us to start kissing each other, the start of the very reason we
had even met in the first place.
He blatantly stopped the massage nowhere near being complete and
turned over to announce his increased arousal in a physical abundance of
grotesqueness. Moving over to the small couch in the corner of the room
he made a space for her to lye me down on the massage table as she had
commanded him to do in such a domineering tone that he wasn't used to
being spoken down to with. From that very moment onwards and from
the look on his face he was yearning for her to orchestrate an hour of
deliverance upon my meek nature. He started to stroke his erect manhood
as he was being tantalized watching her take over every inch of my body
in a dominating act of seduction. I was left breathless and soar after my
Rena considered herself a dominatrix, she loved bondage, whipping
what got her into this in the first place. All I knew was that Jeffrey was
absurdly taking into the appeal of watching us two interact, often with her
cting as my mistress who would fondle me with an insurmountab
nount of whips and toys. Then she would love to finish off eve
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page594 of 648
61
62
il Copyright Protocted Material
CONTENTAL
GIUFFRE004194
opyright Protocted Mate
NFIDENTI
GIUFFRE004195


to make others surrender to her extreme force. She could be so opposite
all of the sudden and be tenderly intimate with Jeffrey stroking his penis
lovingly and even speaking in baby talk to him, which he seemed to
He loved us pairing up so much that within months he made Rena an
official even renting her an apartment at the same place he had one for me
during my extensive trips out to N.Y.C. Sending us out shopping together
at all of the underground seedy sex stores downtown we would bring him
back thousands of dollars worth of sexy outfits, sex toys and bondage
material. His favorite one was a black leather studded collar that lead
down the back of my spine to cuff my hands and feet together, offering
Rena the most compromising positions to wield her afflictions, one she
was excited to pick out for my usage.
She was good at eradicating my softer side though. Helping me forge
an unpredictable scenario of me turning the tables on her, making her at
my will instead of me always being at her twisted discretion. Jeffrey
loved the rivalry between us, both striving to dominate the other one but
to me it was just another way of surviving her punishment. All for show I
thought she was a madman let loose in a torturesome domain of violent
sex and unbearable beatings. I wasn't sure how long I could hold off this
charade of S & M, I just didn't want Jeffrey to think I couldn't give him
verything that she could, always being replaceable in his company
he and I could often come across as good friends to his blind eye bu
›gether, afterwards treating ourselves for a giant piece of greasy N.Y.
tyle nizza Like I said, we really liked each other purely as friends bu
seen him show a girl. Obviously moved by her gesture, he got her an
exhibit in N.Y.C's "Metropolitan Museum of Art" where she submitted
her very own piece. She sculpted an image of my headshot out of clay,
shaping it with the strands of my long hair blowing across my face. I was
taken aback myself at her creation. She really did have an amazing talent
if not for her meaner streak she would've been a great friend. I will never
forget Rena, for all of the ups and the downs we endured together.
It wasn't too much longer before I finally had enough of the abuse in
the bedroom and I had to tell Jeffrey what I was feeling. She was getting
even more violent as time went on, and with her questioning me and
Jeffrey why she didn't get brought on long trips with him, she didn't get
the fact that she was just a tool for him to use. Jeffrey said he was already
thinking about getting rid of her off of his "regular list". He said she was
becoming too clingy and he didn't like clinginess or jealousy. I never
even got to say good-bye or take the opportunity to keep her as a friend,
like a girlfriend to catch up with once and awhile, but that's how it was
with Jeffrey, one day you sat under the blanket of his comfortably and the
next without any warning you could be discarded like yesterdays news.
She would've taken it hard but that's the game we were playing and it
was for those who knew what lines not to cross.
I was further surprised the next day when Jeffrey gave me a thousand
dollars to go shopping in downtown Manhattan to find a classy dress, on
top of being sent to the exclusive beauty salon of celebrity stylist
"Frederic Fekkai" for a new look. It was amazing, to be pampered like
royalty. I walked out of there feeling like I had replaced a young girl with
a young woman, I felt beautiful. He had yet another surprise in store for
me. Ghislane called me and told me I need to go to a photo-developing
store and ask them for two I.D photos then bring them downtown to
and yang position facing each other. Although we were soliciting each
other with sexual innuendo the picture was still very carefully
"chestrated to perfectly portray the darker side of Jeffrey's thrills. It w
1 amazing piece of work, besides the lewdness of it, but she would'v
had presented him with. He lifted her from the ground and twirled her
around before he thanked her profusely and embellished her with his
profound gratitude, the only thing Jeffrey had to offer, he handed her a
small wad of cash as her payment. It was the most appreciation I had ever
to such a renowned hairstylist, and shopping money. I showed him my
finds for the day, an elegant off the shoulder navy blue dress that had tw
layers that would swoosh and sway with my every stride. I couldn't wait
to wear it on a special occasion, and I wouldn't have to. The pictures I
assport. I was so excited, we were going to France for a close friend o
effrey and Ghislane's birthday party, famed super-model Naom
63
64
I Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004196
Copyright Protected Mater
INFIDENTI
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page595 of 648


Campbell. I was so over-joyed with excitement, what girl my age with a
background like mine was attending socialite parties and globetrotting the
world. It only made it harder for me to see beyond the elusive walls I had
put up to protect myself from the appalling truth.
We left in early April first going to London, Paris and then our final
destination being St. Tropez in Southern France. If Hallmark had a
postcard, St. Tropez would definitely be on the front of it. It was beautiful
spring weather and every where you looked women were dressed in
bikini tops branded with some kind of designer label embedded into it
and the men were following them around like harping dogs in heat. In all
of the elegance of the Mediterranean, "La Bastide De St. Tropez" was an
impressive landmark. Jeffrey and Ghislane were staying in one of the
private cottages, on the park on the grounds, while Emmy and I stayed in
separate quarters inside the hotel. The old style cobblestone streets were
lined with boutique shops and beauty parlors. It was the hedonistic
stomping grounds of the beyond rich and famous.
The next day we went out to lunch at the grand opening of the
infamous Nikki Beach Club, where a cheap glass of champagne costs
around two hundred dollars and if your not keeping the alcohol
consumption flowing like water, you'd be asked to leave to make way for
the constant flow of prospectus patrons. That's where I first got to meet
Naomi Campbell. She was wearing the typical attire strutting around
southern France, a D&G bikini top and a wrap around mini skirt to go
over the swimsuits bikini. She was so tall and stunningly beautiful. Her
charisma was energetic, funny, and everyone seemed to hang off of her
every word and laugh at her every joke. Ghislane and Jeffrey kissed her
cheeks and wished her a happy birthday, and then I was introduced and
of senough time time for the before day ahead a onionish ves kind
was, only to grab another glass of champagne every now and then. Every
so often he'd introduce to me to someone new, pulling me aside to show
off his eager young masseuse to his fellow pedo's. These people had so
much money pouring out of them. I don't know why he even thought
they'd care in the first place. It made me feel good though. At least T
knew I made him proud to have me in his company.
Being surrounded by so many of Jeffrey's colleagues and his
likeminded people that were considered the most sophisticated and the
highly esteemed of today's world nearly made the way I was living lately
more fathomable, at least to myself. I thought if everyone looks up to
these people and they are all accepting of it, it must be just the way the
world turns. I danced with a young prince that night and with all of the
help from the bubbly champagne I couldn't remember his name for the
life of me. On one of my trips back to the table for another glass, Jeffrey
leaned over to quietly whisper in my ear that it was a prince that I had
actually been dancing with and I didn't phase me in the least way. I went
back to the dance floor and continued to let my hair down. It was a fun
bash, the entire crowd sang "Happy Birthday" to Naomi and by the time
we got back in the car to retreat for the night, I was giddy froin the
drinking and dancing all evening. We had a guest in the car, and
apparently we had already been introduced, but I couldn't even remember
his name in the first five minutes of our meeting again. He was the hotel
owner of some large chain in America called "Hilton". Staying at one of
the cottages near Jeffrey, he saw it quaint to loan me out for a night's
massage to ruin an "almost" perfect evening. Jeffrey told me to come
back to his room after I was finished with Rick, thankfully he reminded
me of his name but also odd I thought, being so late I would've never
imagined Jeffrey could stay up this late but I never made a fuss out of his
vept up my long hair in a twisted clip, only letting down a few curl
rands and lavered on the mascara. Receiving many compliment
appearance at the main birthday bash, I couldn't help but feel excitement
for the party to come it was the first celebrity birthday bash 1 had ever
been to. Being introduced to model after model and the rich men that
followed them around became dizzying. Jeffrey sat back and watched as I
buoyantly worked the dance floor, coming back to the table where he
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page596 of 648
65
66
1? Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004198
O Copyright Protocted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004199


bottom of the floor as he was saying "You can't really expect to give a
massage wearing this, here sweetie, I'll help you out of it." He just
wanted to see the hidden bounty my clothes were hindering his eyes from
seeing. I just went about my way trying to get his hands off of me and to
get him to lie down for a massage. Making quaint conversation with him
was pointless as I was trying to send his thoughts elsewhere other than
the apparent perverted schemes replaying in his mind from the heavy
breathing he was making and the looks he was giving to me. I was using
all of the tricks in the "turn-off" book even asking him about his wife and
Unquestionably he was in seventh heaven turning every one of my
distractions into another flattering compliment. He was saying things like
"I love what you do you to me, I have never felt like this before, come
stay with me and I will pay you double, no, triple whatever Jeffrey pays
you!" Knowing he was just a drunk idiot, I wasn't being lured in by any
of his offers of money or a privileged lifestyle, I knew these cages all too
well and I was better off sticking with the one that I was at least
accustomed to already. Holding back any composure now, he was going
extremely wild ravishing at my body trying to tear off my panties like a
hungered wild animal. After all of the champagne I had drunk that night
our trip and commenced our flight back into the U.S. I was paid a
generous amount and set off to go car shopping as soon as I got back to
Florida. Through a private seller, I was able to pay out right for my car. I
got a Dodge Dakota in cherry red, and immediately had an impressive
sound system put in. She was my first pride and joy and taste of freedom.
I would love to drive her down to Lakeworth Beach to sit in my car and
wateh the waves while I listened to my stereo blare music and puffed on a
jay. Letting the rest of the world pass by while I sat back and watched
them walk past wondering to myself what their story was about.
I turned seventeen that summer and had accumulated a string of exotic
destinations that I had travelled in such a short time. I was given more
make-up and a pair of diamond earrings from Jeffrey. Ghislane only
wished me a happy day, wondering at times if she felt threatened by
Jeffrey's and my closeness. We went to the island after we left N. Y.C and
I asked If Sarah would be meeting us, mentioning it had been a while
since we had last seen her. He said he had some bad news about her.
Expecting the worse, thinking she had gotten hurt or something, 1 was
the bathroom.
eadv getting anickiv get dressed and hurrving ou
de getting Juickly get dressed ashed trying out door and tol
asked me what was the matter, I told them of every thing that had
happened that night even how he offered me to come work for him
getting paid triple. I established a lot of trust with Jeffrey that night. He
asked me why i didn't accept the offer and I responded with " Who
eadache tablets and a ginger ale instead of a coffee. Trying to contair
v hangover as best as bossible behind a pair of sunnies it was mic
license and wanted to get some practice airtime and flew Jeffrey and I to
St. John where we picked up Alexandria Cousteau, the grand daughter to
le inventor of the scuba tank and underwater explorer Jack Coustea
¡hislane was out to set us affright in the air, but it was all talk, she wa
actually an impressive pilot. Still a daredevil though, she got her kicks
out of hearing us fret on the earmuffs intercom's. Jeffrey made it clear
good on the arms of them. The next day we wrapped up the tail end of
67
68
1. Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFTRE004200
CONFiDEN Prected Matrial
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page597 of 648


such high prospects lowering herself to something of Jeffrey's standards,
but I later found out through Jeffrey that he had donated money to her
continuous exploration into marine life and habitats. She had followed in
her family's footsteps, all of them involved in Marine Biology in some
way or another. We actually got along really well, she was a real decent
girl, and loved talking about her passion, everything underneath the
waters surface.
When I wasn't busy giving massages to everyone around, her and I
would hang out together. Often we go swimming in the crystal clear pool
of ocean that the Caribbean had to offer. Once we swam out so far not
paying attention to our location and were carried out to sea by the current.
Ve took turns on the backs of each other, taking breaks against the strong
cean tide. It was almost a possibility that we nearly drowned out there, it
it weren't for some guys on a boat out fishing for the day when they
caught us in their view. They picked us up and brought us back to the
island where we were reprimanded by a worried Jeffrey and Ghislane to
first of all let someone know where we are going at all times, and never
to lose sight of the shore while out for a swim. After that learning
experience I took their heed and proceeded with caution. I had a
newfound respect for the ocean and it's mysteries.
Having such a lover of the water as a guest, made Jeffrey want to
explore parts of his Caribbean he had never seen before. The next
morning we were met by a scuba instructor in St. James and given a few
lessons in how to use the gear and more tips like how to descend slowly
to the ocean floor as not to cause blood clots as well as visual hand
signals to communicate underwater. It was so exhilarating beneath the
vaters surface. No voices to listen too, only the enchanting sights to take
n. We explored the surrounding reef and found a large squid, many of
sea urchins, and the magnificent colored coral that housed a many of the
ich variety of the local species of fish. It was such a great sight to take
in. Holding a permanent mental picture of those adventures to carry in my
head for all times.
We all had such a great time that Jeffrey hired the same scuba
instructor to come out the next day to scuba dive the safer parts around
is island. We got bored quickly with not much to see but seaweed and
ish here and there. It didn't take long before Ghislane decided for us al
o exolore other numerous locations by boat. Jeffrey needed a bit of
convincing at first and the instructor was quick to assure him that he
new his way well around these waters, of course he would say that, he
vas getting paid a hell of a lot to do this in the first place. why not exten
it a few more hours?
The clear water glistened and the tropical array of marine life was on
display as we wanted to stop at so many places but you could see as
beautiful as it was it could be as equally dangerous. It took so long as we
clienter deed he to swim ariad with but to alleviate his bored
It was Jeffrey and the Guide together,
Ghislane and Emmy, and I was
paired up with Alexandria. Miles, the houseman, came with us and stayed
closer. Ghislane actually looked frightened for once as she gave us the
signal to start ascending upwards, reminding us by holding her ears not te
hammerhead. Grabbing Miles hand I was the last one ahead of the Guide
to get on the boat imaging the worst as I waited behind Emmy anc
n too much shock to scream or cry, I just told myself I had to stay caln
o get out of this alive. Unlucky for us we found out later on that we wer
in their breeding territory and being sent a clear message that we were
soon to be on the menu to their feeding frenzy.
We all felt like we had cheated death and I know it wasn't only my
heart that was still beating out of my chest when we headed back t
Jeffrey's island. Jeffrey was pale as his designer sheets and looked like he
nature, as I had never seen her move so quickly either. We got back to the
story again over dinner, this time in laughter. The following afternoon
Ghislane piloted us all in the helicopter to St. John's Airport and we said
good-bye to Alexandra where we all parted ways. I met her a few more
separate times in Palm Beach at Jeffrey's Mansion, but she wasn't a
regular of his, probably not as easy as the troubled girls were to bribe.
69
70
I! Copyright P'rotected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004202
CONFIDEN PAtted Material
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page598 of 648


Chapter 11
Throughout the remainder of the quickly passing year I was on a
constant move with Jeffrey. Attending various dinner parties, mostly with
other esteemed billionaires and widely acclaimed scientists. Jeffrey likes
o surround himself with the most brilliant and powerful of minds, filling
is little black book with some of the most esteemed and even infamou
people in today's wealthy society. It was during those intellectual
gatherings that my body was also put on the banquet menu but this time
for a powerful senator George Mitchell and another prominent Nobel-
Prize winning scientist who's name would be mentioned but for all the
life of me can no longer remember. They would be only some of the
recognizable figures of the high society that became added to my list of
clientele, of course being introduced to for a lot more than just a client of
As an amusement to Jeffrey's associates I also knew my place was to
entertain but not to every desired content. I was to show them a good time
but not the way I would have to use technique and effort for Jeffrey. The
very teachings from Jeffrey himself, or my tutor, as he liked to so
eloquently put it. Consistently being used and adored for the likeliness of
my youthful looks I was becoming very accustomed to my lifestyle with
Jeffrey, never really relaxing into it, but just accepting this as being as
good as it will ever get for me. I didn't think I should be complaining,
wasn't I being offered a life in exchange for servitude? Just letting the
signs of my anxiety and depression pass me by while I blanketed them
vith my pills, suffocating under a blanket of pain is all I was really doing
I spent Christmas and the New Years holidays with Jeffrey in N.Y.C,
who doesn't celebrate the occasion, as he is of Jewish descent. Not that
he was a religious man anyways, I never even saw him celebrate
Hanukah either. We firstly stayed at his ranch in Santa Fe for a week,
en left for a long plane trip to Paris, France where we all suffered jet la
or the next twenty four hours. We all staved in a grand hotel with a vie
the Champs' Elyse.
We also visited his up and coming Paris apartment. It was a modern,
typical flat being refurbished, and we went to see how it was all looking.
Jeffrey liked to fuss about every detail and harass the builder's about their
work, changing last minute details at a whim.
Days and many croissants later we left for Spain feeling bloated and
sleepy. We only stayed in Spain for the afternoon, going to see another
astounding Moroccan castle for Jeffrey to replicate at one of his many
mansions. It was only a short plane ride to Tangier, Africa for more
castles hopping. We arrived at the historic landmark and the only five star
hotel in Tangier called El Minzah in the village of Ville Nouvelle. The
city and outskirts were still very hostile at the time, females being warned
to not walk the streets alone and not to leave the house after dark or be at
When we got to the room, it was oozing with every expected bit of
extravagance that a luxurious historical palace should offer until I was
greeted with a pile of monkey poo in the very middle of my bed. Not a
and felt each other's sorrows. All four of us went out shopping at Chanel,
D&G, Ralph Lauren, and many other little exclusive boutiques the
following afternoon. As a gift Jeffrey bought me a white terry clothed
goose feathered sofa and had it sent back to my apartment in Florida, and
bought some new tapestries to have sent back to Santa Fe for his ranch.
71
72
L. Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004204
] Copyright Protocted Matcria
CONFIDENTIAI
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page599 of 648


When I was noticed watching them, about fifteen of them came up to me
and began to beg for money and food. I was over taken by the poor,
hungry children and I felt sad for them all and wished I could help out
verty stricken lives. They told me about their school and parents and
ought I had just heard the saddest story ever but they were accustome
for so long.
I was compelled to empty out the contents of my purse, giving them
over two thousand dollars in U.S currency. A passer-byer snapped a
my money so carelessly. He told me I had set up their parents with
enough money to feed and shelter their family for a year. Wasn't that a
good thing? I couldn't believe it, not that I was well off or anything close
pleasure with great ease.
We went out to lunch the following day with Jeffrey's team of
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page600 of 648
73
74
# Copyright P'rotocted Matcrial
CONFIDENTIAL
CIUFFRE004206
Copyright Protected Matc
NFIDENTL
GIUFFRE004207


build the suspense, before completing her sentence " To go dancing with
a Prince of England this evening".
Hoping it would be one of the younger
generations, I was disappointed when she told me he was the Duke of
York, Charles's younger brother Andrew. I looked at her with a fake
surprised look, one I had to use on many occasions in my time with them,
to give an impression of excitement. "What... wow!" I exclaimed with my
gifted acting ability. It is a sad realization but I had grown more
accustomed to seeing people for their significance rather than the good
qualities they possessed, and was able to grin & bear the thought of what
Ghislane and 1 left shortly thereafter for the many lanes of designer
shops to choose from in London. Her pep talks to prepare me for my
duties towards royalty went on and on, giving me the obscure impression
I was something of importance, at least for more than an evening. "Make
sure your bubbly and energetic, nobody want's a dead horse" was one of
the cheap tools she instilled me with. "Who knows where this could lead
for you" was another. As the day grew shorter my anxiety only
heightened, anticipating the Prince's arrival and unable to decide on an
outfit, I picked out three.
Our last stop for the day was Burberry's for a
nice handbag to compliment our chosen attire. We got back to her
townhouse with still a couple hours spare to get ready. After trying on all
three outfits and many mental debates with myself later, I decided on the
pink mini-tee and dazzling pair of denims with horses embroidered into a
pattern. It seemed a lot more my style and age group rather than the other
two older looking sophisticated dresses I had picked out. I told myself I
was going dancing at a club not to an opera. As most young girls can be
during their body changes into womanhood, I felt awkward, you know,
big feet, freckles and body hair in unwanted places. They're things you
just don't want when your seventeen and then you see these iconic
billboards of what femininity is supposed to represent and just don't fit
into that picture, never feeling what we all are already.. absolutely
perfect. By the time I had got ready I was a nervous wreck, but trying to
keep my cool on the outside was an act. I thought it'd be a good idea to
ake a few Xanax before the evening unraveled and my anxiety went
through the roof.
Jeffrey and I were sitting in the lounge room downstairs, waiting for
Ghislane to finish getting ready. The room was silent, only stillness in the
air. I stared at the mural painted onto the wall that I was facing. It was an
interesting piece of artwork. In great detail it illustrated a happy looking
family sitting on a bench overlooking a pond that resided on a large piece
of land with 2 heautiful home displayed There were ako hunis hounds
ind the hunters chasing a game of fox like the notorious
Pieces" throughout history. Jeffrey took notice of my enchantment into
the picture and in a hushed voice proceeded to tell me that it was a
portrait of Ghislane's childhood, the part she could be proud of. I never
realized how prominent her family's history was in England, apparently
as to Jeffrey's attest, her Father was born of poor Jewish decent in
Czechoslovakia, most of his family being killed upon Nazi invasion in
1939. Fleeing to join the British Army as a young man, he changed his
name a few times and made a lot of contacts in the field. After the war, a
newfound Robert Maxwell went into publishing using his army contacts
to establish a business initially built upon publishing scientific books
from occupied Germany. In time, Maxwell acquired several British
newspapers, among them the Daily Mirror, countering his wits against
the likes of Rupert Murdoch along the way. However, whilst constructing
his publishing empire, Maxwell compiled astronomical debts, and his
equivocal financial dealings attracted the attention of governing
authorities that judged him not to be looking out for his companies best
interest and in the end it transpired that Robert Maxwell had been using
proceeds from his employees pension funds to meet his financial debts,
ruining the futures of thousands of employees. Once an esteemed
Member of Parliament and publishing mogul, Robert's body was found
floating in the Atlantic Ocean after he was found to be missing from his
yacht, the Lady Ghislane (named after his favorite child), whilst cruising
the Canary Islands in I991. Jeffrey went on to tell me that when her
Father died she was inconsolable, and in a very bad state. He picked her
up from the trenches of despair and took her under his wing, and it's there
she has stayed comfortable ever since. To Ghislane his peculiar need to
have so many woman around and even his taste in younger than legal
one's didn't seem unconventional to her. It was her own Father who was
deemed a womanizer and even took a second wife whilst still married to
Ghislane's mother. I would have never guessed this carefree, spirited, and
vivacious woman had ever endured such sorrows. I couldn't help but look
at her in a different light from then on, but not letting her know that I
knew, to avoid any altercations between us
Like clockwork Ghislane came downstairs five minutes before Prince
Andrew were to arrive, wearing a tight-fitted white wooly turtleneck
singlet and a nice pair of loose fitting trousers. Looking elegant and
casual at the same time, a very hard look to achieve but one Ghislane had
always easily mastered. They both seemed at ease poking fun at my
xeraveding osane Theked him and at thard jus after wai clor chi s
guard who would wait for hi
turn in the car. She led him down the hall to where Jeffrey and I we
ing. We both stood up and Jeffrey shook his hand. while Ghisla
75
76
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004208
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page601 of 648


custom, we both kissed on the check. We all sat down on the lounges for
some tea and biscuits while conversing idle chitchat. By the sounds of it,
Ghislane knew well of his recently divorced x-wife Fergie, whom they
were all taking turns in slandering her for one reason or another. It was
apparent there were some fresh wounds still lingering on and as good
friends do, it was their way of helping him get over her. When his
daughters were mentioned, Ghislane and Jeffrey treaded lightly, only
speaking highly of them, and offering their sympathy to the young ones.
The conversation turned to a much lighter subject. Andrew wanted to
know more about this young guest they had to join them out for dinner
and dancing that evening and then the spotlight turned on me. I was more
nervous than I had ever been before a night out with someone, probably
the build-up Ghislane and Jeffrey had hyped this meeting up to be. To
break the ice, she played her favorite guessing game... "how old do you
think Jenna is"? When Andrew guessed correctly, I was seventeen years
old, she was surprised, thinking I could have passed for younger. "I guess
we are going to have to trade you in soon" she laughed, always the first
one to throw in her quick-witted two bits, all of them chuckling along
with her. Hardly a laugh at all, unknown to me at the time his eldest
daughter is only five years my junior. I was finding it hard to make much
conversation in the beginning, just laughing when the occasion called for
it, and keeping up with Andrew's constant glances in my direction, was
all I could manage.
The restaurant was a close drive for us with Andrew, his two guards and
his driver following behind us. I was seated next to the Prince for dinner
and Ghislane and Jeffrey next to each other, an evening pre-ordained. I
was supposed to flatter hi with compliments and dote on his every word
spoken, but I didn't even do that for Jeffrey blatantly, it would've felt
awkward to act like a bimbo for him. Instead I remained calm, cool, and
collected, hoping that my nervousness wouldn't spill out at any given
oment. The next place we were going was much more my style, and
bund it easier to relax. We pulled up next to a Nightclub called "Tramp'
a member's only nightclub, and one of the most exclusive haunts in the
since is doors fist opened. Ato bess arth wate fouside wite we all
went in to hit the dance floor. Jeffrey being the social introvert that he
was found the first available empty seat in the corner but facing the dance
floor to spend the evening watching everyone else have fun and Andrew
went to the bar to grab us all drinks. He came back with sparkling water
for Jeffrev and a cocktail for the rest of us. already knowing that Jeffrey
never drank alcohol. We downed our glasses and made our way to the
crowded dance floor, where I had the Prince's upmost attention. Moving
his hands across the curves of my body, not to shy away from the fact
that he was in public, he was whispering sweet nothings into my ear and
kissing my neck. I would just giggle not really knowing how to reply to
an aging man with a bad smile and terrible moves, it would sound too
much of a lie if I retaliated back about his swagger. He was the most
incredibly hideous dancer I had ever seen and couldn't help but laughing
on the dance floor and shooting glances of embarrassment to Jeffrey and
Ghislane who were having a good time laughing at my expense...as the
After an hour of pelvic smashing to the D.J's pumping mixes we finally
exited the floor, his royal highness was dripping with sweat and ready to
embark onto a quieter scene where he said we could be alone, not
knowing that it had already been arranged for all of us to meet back at
Ghislane's place but complied with his so called thoughtful request. I was
so anxious about getting back to the townhouse, knowing what
expectations I would have to not only have meet but also exceed in this
case. Ghislane and Jeffrey seemed impressed at my attempts to entertain
his royal highness, so far giving him exactly what he wanted the
impression that I idolized him. They told me that he really liked me and
was having a great time, so far tonight. When we got to the townhouse,
his guards walked him to the door, staying to wait outside in the car.
Ghislane met him and brought him upstairs where Jeffrey and I were in
the study. We all chatted in the hall for a few minutes and I was able to
have Jeffrey snap a photo of us together, one that would cause much
controversy for the Buckingham Palace in many years to come. The
conversation didn't linger on much longer before Jeffrey and Ghislane
dispersed downstairs together, leaving me to my own sort of royal duties.
They walked away giddy as if they were teenagers imposing on young
lovers about to embark on a romantic evening.
Next to the study was the bathroom where I led him to next. The room
le was waiting and watching, then began to undress him at a mu
uicker pace. We kissed and touched each other before submersing int
77
78
1 Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004210
O Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL.
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page602 of 648


but laugh, I hoped he didn't expect the same treatment back. Through my
recent experiences with Rena, I drew a line with extreme fetishes,
especially ones that would involve my tongue and feet in the same
sentence. It wasn't hard to get him wound up to the point where he just
wanted to have the rest of me so we dried off from the cold and retired to
my bedchambers for the longest ten minutes of my life. Moments later
and without any real emotional attachment, he burst in ecstasy, leaving
me to my own feelings of dismay. As relieved as I was to see the
experience come to pass with him, it was finally sinking in that I would
never be anything more than but a muse. Still trying to ascertain a surreal
dream a young girl once held but no longer the same girl I was no longer
sure that the dream was even real anymore. In the whirlwind thrown
together by wealth, power, and privilege I was but a grain of sand and felt
helpless down the road I was naively being led down. When the real
picture was unveiled, later in my life, I had nothing but memories filled
with sorrow to remember of my teenage years.
Jeffrey, Ghislane, and I left for the states to conclude our long journey
home to the U.S.A. I was so happy when we landed on our soil and called
T.J from my cell phone to see if he'd meet me at the airport instead of
going back to Jeffrey's, he'd be there within twenty minutes, he was so
happy to hear my voice and that I was back in town. So ecstatic to be
getting away from my life of servitude for the next few days, I was sourly
disappointed when I got off the phone. As if he'd been listening to my
entire conversation, Jeffrey told me he'd like a massage back at his place
like minds. Jeffrey didn't want to know the grim details of how it all
happened on my intimate night with the Prince, he just asked simply if I
thought that I did well in keeping his friend happy. Knowing already that
the evaluation of my performance I gave was already discussed between
them, I just as simply replied back with a nod of approval. Though I did
have a laugh with Jeffrey about the Prince's weird fixation on my feet
and lets just say that he was quite tickled with Andrew's quirky
obsession, having a good ol'chuckle at my eccentric encounter. I was
paid extremely well this time, putting my money earned into nothing but
popping pills and alcohol by shouting my so called friends a good time,
aiming for the attempt to forget about my experiences abroad. I partied
like that to feel young again, my age and most of all to self-anesthetize
my troubles from within. It wasn't like I was waiting for someone to
arrive on his white horse and take me away to a magical world. I simply
yearned for more out of life than being someone's replaceable
amusement. Still a romantic at heart I would often get lost in my
daydreams, imagining a new beginning with a strong man that would
show me an enduring love, safety in his arms, and a lifetime friendship.
Though the suggestion of true loves existence was only a dream for now,
something I could only read about in novelistic fairytales but the passing
home and I would be too exhausted to do anything.
Chapter 12
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page603 of 648
79
80
1 Copyright P'rotected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUTTRE004212
• Copyright Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004213


complicated battle within myself, it is one I still ache to fully comprehend
Sunny spring days melted away the ice off the frozen streets of New
York and the harsh winter winds begun to gently blow away the dead
leaves, making the caged trees appear to have some form of life again. I
hated the cold winters there, it would only add to my depression being
locked indoors. Give me hot Florida days blistering in the sun where I
can swelter by a cool pool and sip cocktails with pieces of fruit and little
oriental umbrella's floating around. What a vision of solace? Looking
around my extravagantly decorated mid-evil room I was reminded of the
desolation that I was more than accustomed too. Knowing it wouldn't be
long before I was summoned again for another ritualistic occurrence in
fornicating with my master, I hardly bothered to leave my assigned
chambers, scarcely being sent home for a moments break, I just accepted
my fate. As I predicted the intercom buzzed momentarily and I heard
Ghislane's voice come over and request to meet them in Jeffrey's study.
Not an odd call, I would often meet him there first so he could tie up
some unfinished business before heading to the dungeon, or what was
thought to be the massage room. Making my way down the hall, I had an
eerie feeling wash over me, as if I had several pairs of eyes on me
watching my every move. A cold chill moved up my spine and I had to
leavy wooden doors and a familiar face revealed itself. Definitely not
expected or pre-warned on my part but I already knew what he was here
encounters with Jeffrey's "staff" but I led the way anyways, as if he was
now my guest of honor. Entering into the dim room it took a few minutes
for my eyes to adjust to the darkness, but knowing my way around the
room was enough to find the shower. I turned on the steam room and
began to undress myself. Andrew followed my lead and disrobed,
throwing his attire to the floor. I wanted to run and hide feeling his hands
touch me again, but my servitude for Jeffrey kept me there. Getting out of
his stronghold I turned my attention to the steam filling up and tried to
turn his attention to the marble bench where I suggested he take a seat
while I rubbed his feet. By the look in his eyes I knew he could care less
about a foot massage, his real desires were being shown by the arousal
his body was forming. He indicated where he wanted me to touch him
and how. I fulfilled his seedy requests, but only just. There was no
pleasure in this for me, the only thing I derived from this event was to
sink further into my slumber of depression. I couldn't remember a time
when I felt needed for anything other than my body or amusements
thereof. After his massage was thoroughly conducted I couldn't wait to
get back to my room for another shower. Sitting on the floor of the
shower under the harsh spray of water, I scrubbed my body where he
touched me. Feeling abhorrent and ashamed what I had become, I let the
water wash away the grime.
destructive months, my outlook on life had diminished into utter sadness
I had lost my spark and my ability to look like I could handle the abusive
eing on coke and pills, not only was my mentality dwindling away bu
also my looks. I sure as hell didn't feel like a seventeen year old anymor
waistline and chest. This made Jeffrey apprehensive in keeping mo
around as often and before I had a moments notice, I was out of mone
aded around, with the last of my dignity long lost, I had nothing mo
Ince It was easy to give them the reaction they desired, all I had too
was bretend to be entertained by their lewd gestures, and when Andrew
cupped my breast with a doll made in his image, I only giggled away.
sany crude kater was asked to show Andrew to the upstair
assage room. I'm sure he already knew where it was from previou
Joing back to an average teenagers life was more of a harder transitic
lan I would've ever thought. Jeffrey stopped paying my expensive rer
and I was forced to get off the drugs and look for a real job to feed and
shelter T.J and I. It was much harder than it sounded, but I was craving
81
82
O Copyright Protocted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004214
Copyright Protected Mate:
NEIDENTI
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page604 of 648


this in every possible way. Even though a week's wages for working a
full-time job as a waitress didn't come close to the money I had made in a
couple hours of working for Jeffrey, I was happier than I had been in a
long time. I made some friends at my new job and found my duties to be
easy and pleasant. I was good at making customers smile and keeping
them happy becoming the waitress that made the most tips for the night,
which in turn made my co-workers happy since we'd all split the tips at
the end of the week. For the first time in a long time I had boys my age
hitting onto me, and not that I was ever taken aback by there attempts but
it reminded me of how it felt to be around a younger crowd. I missed so
much of what I couldn't get back and the more I tasted it, the more I
remembered how to smile. The relationship between T.J and I began to
falter in a way that was beyond reconciliation. Fights became physical
and I saw sides to him that only pushed me away more. He refused to
look for work to help pay bills and he became utterly frustrated not
having his usual cocktail of assorted drugs to keep him from feeling
anything at all. He didn't like the fact I was growing inside and thinking
beyond his elusive world. I had gone through too much to accept another
form of abuse and degradation. Making that point very clear to him by
kicking him out of my apartment back to live with his parents, I felt
liberated like never before. I kept up with my rent and cleaned my act up.
Enrolling in a yoga course and keeping my focus on staying fit and
healthy became my only source of enjoyment. I was free and living for
While out doing the grocery shopping one evening I couldn't help but
stop at the local pet store and fell in love with a furry pooch. She was a
Japanese Chow-Chow and a bundle of fur that more resembled a baby
brown bear than a dog. I took her home with me and instantly she became
my best friend. We went for several walks a day and she bore the brunt of
many tear filled conversations, she was my loyal companion who
understood more than anyone had before, all I really need was someone
to listen and funny enough it was her that filled that hole.
perspective for me. Everything seemed to be working out for itself and I
was really happy, until he came back, T.J thought he'd come over my
place one evening while I was sitting at home just watching TV.
Obviously mentally distorted from whatever choice of drugs he was
smoking that night. He screamed down my apartment complex, going
mad and scaring my neighbors I felt like I had no choice but to let him
inside. I tried talking to him as a good friend would, just wanting him to
see what he was doing to himself and what he had become. Part of me
still loved him and took pity on watching him spiral downwards. Taking
him back into my life was not a decision I made whole-heartedly, but was
something I did out of guilt and what I thought was loyalty. He moved his
clothes back to my place, which was all he ever owned anyways and we
tried to pick up the broken pieces. T.J being still badly addicted to many
drugs, I had to be very careful where I kept my jewelry and expensive
items. I decided to rent out a space at a local spot and store my cherished
items away, just taking the necessary precautions, I thought.
Still not working I knew how he was scraping by money and I didn't
agree with it, T.J was a known thief and had been caught several times
attempting to steal things, even as stupid as DVD's and PS2 or Xbox
games from a local Blockbuster. He even stole from his parents, his sister
and his brother and would probably steal a piece of candy from a five
year old kid if he knew that it would get him his next fix. He hated the
change in myself, realizing I couldn't be brought back down by his ways
but knowing I still stuck by his side and defended him from anything that
would hurt him wanting to believe that he still wanted show the bits of
human nature left in his empty heart.
Unable to stand by and see me do well for myself he contemplated a
way to try and bring me down. After a busy shift one night, he retaliated
with another show of control. I had just finished cleaning up my area and
setting out the tables to be ready for the next day when I went to the bar
to hang up my apron and put my nights tips in the tip bowl on the counter
by the beer tap. On one of his drug induced rampages he stormed into the
restaurant where I was working and started to pick a fight with me. I
knew he was off his face when he started accusing me of sleeping with
my manager on shift that evening. Having no bias or ground to stand on
in his attempt to make me look bad in front of everyone, I just laughed
him off as a drunk idiot who needed to go home and sleep off the night's
repercussions, although I was fuming inside that he embarrassed me but I
still made excuses for him and told my boss I had to leave early to bring
and oking as de for ear waited alone fo back du the e inaran sanc
do some explaining to the manager on duty, I couldn't afford to lose my
job over this incident. Surprisingly he was sympathetic towards my
dilemma and even told me I could do a lot better than that schmuck.
patting my back and telling me to have a couple days off. I punched out
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page605 of 648
83
84
I Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004216
Copyright Protected Mate
NFIDENTI
GIUFFRE004217


and headed to my car with T.J in tow. For the rest of the night he was
oddly quiet and asked to be dropped off at his parent's house, I was more
than obliged to do so. I couldn't stand the sight of him let alone want to
be around him tonight. Being so revved up it didn't yet dawn on me that
something wasn't right. The next morning I was woken up by an alerting
phone call, I had the manager from the restaurant where I worked, on the
other end screaming at me and asking where the money is. I sat up in bed,
completely awake now, and asked him back, "What are you talking
about, what money?" His tone had calmed a bit and he could hear the
earnestly in my voice and explained his accusations "The tip jar was
empty after you had left last night and there was over a hundred and fifty
dollars in there, now it's missing". The answer hit me instantly and I got
a terrible knot in my stomach...T.J. When I left him at the bar not even
thinking about the tip bowl to talk with the manager, he saw an
opportunity to fund more drugs and he took it. That's why he didn't even
want to come back to my apartment last night. It was all too clear for me
now and I tried to explain to my manager about my boyfriend's sickness
and asked him to take the lost money out of my wages.
but to let you go and file a police report for the missing money". I
couldn't believe what I was hearing. How did things turn upside down so
quickly? I exclaimed "Even though I'm paying you from my pocket for
money I didn't even steal and you've never even had any problems from
e before?". His apologies were short and icy, nothing that could
desk and told me to have a seat across from him. He took a sip of water
You any reply passed and andes adad disk wame % B. This
meeting done and over with. His face was like steel and his expressions
were stern, 1 felt like a child in trouble sitting in the principles office.
He cut straight to the chase wanting to know "Are you on drugs
anymore?" There was a moment's pause as I took a deep breath and told
him the entire truth. "I got really depressed for awhile and coped with my
emotions by blanketing them with mind-altering substances. Just smoking
a jay to relax wasn't good enough anymore. I needed to be high and
flying to believe I was happy and dealing with all of life's curveballs.
Snorting things like coke and popping amphetamines replaced my
sorrows with an overflow of endorphins, making it possible to keep up
with everything, until I would come down and the cycle just kept on
He listened to me continue to tell him about the good things that have
come from the break. Like my dog, yoga, and working at a restaurant,
making lots of new friends but most of all, I got my smile back, without
the drugs this time. He was really happy to hear the upside of everything,
but there was one thing I was reluctant to tell him about. My recent
travail that T.J effortlessly caused at the restaurant where I was so happily
staling ed. Aftery had lete, had ips wed gone porting the bicene solely on
e greeted me at the door and led me inside. Ghislane was at her usu
ot. her desk working away, and we headed past her with a quick war
85
86
i Copyright Protected Material
CON ANA
GIUFFRE004218
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page606 of 648


Pulling a few tissues out of the box, he passed them across the desk to
me. Trying to retract any damage done I said to him "1 must look like
such a mess to you and making you listen to my saga, I am so sorry... I
shouldn't have come to you with all of this." He looked surprised and
sympathetic "Quite the opposite actually. I'm glad you've come to me for
help. I have got a lot of connections especially with the Palm Beach
County Police Department. I give them regular hundred thousand dollar
donations, and after I speak with them there will be nothing more to
worry about. To be honest I'm more in shock about how much can
happen to you in such a short time, your life is one big soap opera"
Now he was chuckling and trying to make light of my somber mood.
Laughing along too I replied, " I know right? Drama just hangs around
me like a bad smell". We did some more light-hearted catching up and
went out to the poolside for some lunch and a swim, concluding the
evening with an erotic massage upstairs. He paid me the usual two
hundred dollars and asked me to come back tomorrow. "In the meantime
I don't want you thinking about your sticky situation, consider it dealt
with". His attempt to brighten my spirits had worked relieved about
money and the police but now I owed myself to him feeling indebted to
ultimately became close pals and he invested one million dollars into
Brunel's company. In return Jeffrey now had supply of girls on tap for
Chapter 14
desire of his engaging myself in any role he wanted me to play. As he
was getting older his appetite for sex never hazed, if anything it only
increased. The orgies with other girls got larger in numbers and his
appeal to younger girls, new toys and wilder nights expanded from once
and awhile to quite an often occurrence in Jeffrey's company. I put it
down his new friend and business investment, Jean-Luc Brunel.
A long time agent for young and upcoming models, Brunel, a French
citizen, was known for roaming the world in search of young, naïve
beauties living in poverty stricken countries and willing to do just about
anything for money. He would procure them mostly from Clubs in South
America and the Former Soviet Republic. Filling their heads with
fairytales of America and large amounts of money, he would promise
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page607 of 648
87
88
O Copyright Protected Material
CONDIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004220
Copyright Protected Mater
INFIDENTL
GIUFHRE004221


absolutely brilliant how easily money seduced all walks of life... nothing
or no one that couldn't be bought in his eyes. Behind the two of them
followed a destructive trail of those in their path that were misused,
violated, degraded in a variety of ways for one purpose... to satisfy the
desires of the perversion that rotted their hearts.
The next couple of months I spent in Jeffrey's company, my life was
revolved around him and his petty happiness. Arising to the occasion, I
was no longer his teenage sidekick, 1 was growing into being a young
woman and my body was blossoming like never before. Out of the
awkward stages of my life, I now took to looking after myself like never
before. Regular sessions in tanning beds and keeping fit became my life
outside of Jeffrey. He kept telling me what a beautiful woman I was
developing into and would offer suggestions to help me look good.
Sending me to dentists for regular teeth whitening consultations or
helping me choose my attire for the evening, he was ushering me into a
whole new position, training me up for something else, but I was unsure
of what that was.
Being a snotty little teenager was a girl of the past. Now I had to be his
eloquent speaking, desirable to all and almost his personal porcelain doll.
I went everywhere with him again, all of his eclectic dinner parties,
conferences, and meetings with various members of parliament, famous
celebrities, and other esteemed billionaires.. most of whom lived by the
same rule of thumb as Jeffrey did. Quite an alarming realization having to
accept this world the way it is. Jeffrey knew all of the right people in this
game, and trading girls for favors is how he kept in the circle. He was at
the center of it all, blackmail being the only thing next to money with the
ability to pull a many of strings, his conniving ulterior motive was to drag
all that he could down to his pitiful state of mind. Inviting easily tempted
acquaintances to his island or his other various residences he would bring
out the assortment of young girls and pass them around like they were
cocktails on a platter. No girl had a choice in whom they went with, only
completing a task, we would have to charm and bedazzle these ageing fat
men who other than paying for it would've never had a shot at getting to
know a beautiful giri intimately. I personally belonging to Jeffrey rarely
had to be loaned out and it was a big occasion, or should I say favor, if I
was. I'll never really know what made me so important or special to
Jeffrey, it definitely had nothing to do with love. I guess in the end I will
always put it down to my capability of being whomever he wanted when
wanted, so compliant it just made it easy for him to have a person
y at his constant disposal. All I can say is I lived in a jail with no bai
nd in a country where slavery was supposedly abolished a long time ag
it still existed right underneath everybody's noses. Myself and so man
other girls were walking proof of it.
I still was given proper training in massage therapy from time to time,
keeping me from looking back at being a teenager with no responsibilities
to being a young adult with prospering titles. He knew I wanted to be self-
sufficient so bad I would do anything for it and by giving me this dream
to hold to only kept me in check. I looked forward to my training
sessions, holding onto every word passed down to me and after the
session was complete I would hurry back to my room and transfer the
information into a workbook with associating exercises.
Trying my new moves on Jeffrey always impressed him, he would get
excited hearing about my passion for knowledge and would tell me he
could see it transfer into my massages, always giving it my all, my hands
were a focused energy when I was at work. Using every ounce of strength
to apply on a body, many were astounded in what I could do for being
such a small girl, and Jeffrey loved it, using me for a two-hour massage
"with benefits" sometimes being over twice a day. Ghislane would
sometimes use me to massage her still but it wasn't as common, she
Then would come the odd client here and there, of course set up by
Jeffrey. Most of which were orchestrated to get beautiful girls
comfortable and consequently naked then he would go in for the kill, so
to speak, touching them intimately, in their most private of places like
their vagina, breasts or anal. When he had us where he wanted, willing
and able, then would come the toys, outfits and so on. A scheme he has
used time and time again, telling those who know him well "he had never
been turned down yet". It was starting to dawn on me how I wasn't
getting any clientele that weren't used for Jeffrey's benefit and would
make me wonder if I just wasn't good enough for that, but I kept quiet,
never wanting to make waves like I had before.
Case 18-2868,
considered being a small slice of heaven on earth. Ld spend my da
aming the hills, riding horses, and enjoying the solitude of my o
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page608 of 648
89
90
il Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004222
] Copyright Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAI
GIUFFRE004223


achievenient, like taking a piece of that serenity and putting on paper for
me to keep in my heart where it still is today, closing my eyes I am able
to see it, being there anytime I need to. I was enjoying the heat and taking
in the deserts sights when I stumbled off the track and into the
wilderess. Exploring everything new to me was my second nature and
never even entered my mind what would've happened if I went too far or
got lost. I would rather face Mother Nature's wrath than humankind's any
After about an hour of drifting off track I came to a pile of rubble,
looking like the remnants of an old pueblo made out of clay and rock. I
picked up what looked like half of a clay bowl and noted that it had
Indian designs etched into the side of it. Excited about my findings I
decided to do some more exploring around the fields surrounding the
historic site. I collected rare pieces of arrowheads, utensils, and parts of
many broken bowls with artwork telling tales of their own. Time was of
no essence here and before I even realized the sun had sunk deeper into
the hills leaving me without any light to find my way back to the
pathway. Feeling silly now after passing by a familiar looking boulder
twice over, I was startled when I heard some poor animal become dinner
for another, it's screams of agony only amplified louder and echoed in
my ear drums, heightening the hairs on the back of my neck and making
my heart beat nearly out of my chest.
I was lost and confused before but now I was petrified with fear.
Taking me over three hours to find my way back to the path and in the
direction of Jeffrey's mansion was a mission, so relieved in the end and
so were the housemaids after I hadn't showed up for dinner, assuming I
must've been out for one of my usual adventures. I went to bed
strenuously exhausted that night and as I was falling asleep the phone
rang, it was a call from Jeffrey who had been alerted of my
dil me grana. catha backed om ight, wai of is main Detectie to a
one of anger in his voice I tried to distract him by telling him of my
indings and he scolded me for being gone for so long without anyone
knowing where I was. Going back to the Indian remnants, I persisted on
telling him what I had found. In the end he was just worried about me
becoming a liability, but had to make it sound as if he cared. " Don't
worry Jeffrey, I won't be doing that again. I can honestly say I have
learned my lesson and the next time I want to explore I promise to take
someone with me". I satisfied his worry of me being a future nuisance
and with that I was finally able to tell him what I had discovered on my
walk. He was impressed but did not sound surprised. "You must've been
gone a long time if you found the old Indian pueblo's, just be careful you
don't say anything about where you found the stuff on my property, it
could become a sight for historical preservation and that means the
government could ultimately own my land."
I acknowledged his request and told them they were just a gift for my
Mom, who was in love with Indians "Wait until she see's I brought her
back real artifacts, she is going to totally freak out." He didn't mind that I
was taking them. In fact he admired my curiosity and adventurous spirit.
He reminded me that tomorrow was my last day. I would be driven to the
Albuquerque International Airport the day after next, to meet Jeffrey in
New York, for how long, only he knew. Giving Jeffrey many thanks for a
great week, letting him know how much I appreciated these small breaks
away, we then said goodnight. Hanging up the phone I had caught my
second wind and set out to the kitchen to find a late-night snack. Raiding
the fridge and pantry, I found some frozen pizzas and popcorn. I put on a
movie and munched on the popcorn while the pizza cooked. Some 1980's
dreadful alien flick got the better of me that night. It was based on a true
story about people abductions from extraterrestrial beings, which were,
like 1 was, visiting a remote area. I suddenly hated being alone on a ranch
in the middle of nowhere. I munched down my burnt, crunchy pizza and
became further enveloped in the thick plot. Leaving on the TV and the
lights on that night, I spent my night tossing and turning, peeking through
the small open crevices of the comforter, half expecting to see an alien
Living through the night was a relief and I laughed at myself in the
morning, how spooked did I get? When I got to New York, Jeffrey, and
Ghislane had a good laugh over my tale of survival in the wilderness and
then the alien scare. "Your always having the best adventures" Ghislane
exclaimed. We were similar in that way, both being s bit of free spirits it
was really only her non-existence of moral standards that differentiated
the two of us, in that way. "How do you know you weren't abducted and
probed? I mean look at you and all that time alone on the ranch, what do
you think Jeffrey, could she pass off as an alien?" Expectedly, Ghislane
poked fun at me, her usual fun past time. Our relationship was an odd
one, never threatened by each other but always precautious towards one
nother nonetheless able to crack a joke together, but when it came timi
o "work" it was no fun and games, she was intensely serious. "With
sense of humor like yours I would tend to think that you are the one from
another planet." Just friendly banter between the two of us, then Jeffrey
Case 18-2868,
trying to get out of me", putting my fist in my shirt to reenact a scene
from Alien, I fell onto the couch and faked my death. "I knew it"
Ghislane shouted and jumped on me to begin tickling me all over and we
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page609 of 648
91
92
" Convrioht Protected Matcrial
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE 004224
I Copyright Profccted Material
CONTIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004225


all broke out into laughter. It was those fun times that made me feel like
ve were all apart of this really perplexed family. '
ve wer sinapart of thal alm pieslike eat dimer, watch ev, and travel i
was only the hedonistic and corrupt side to these two deviates that made
Getting turned on at the two of us playing together, Jeffrey came over
to the couch we were on and pulled down his sweatpants revealing his
erect manhood. All of the laughter stopped, now it was time for work.
Pushing my head into his pubic region I had to give into his perverted
wants. Ghislane started to undress me. Once I was bare she loved starting
with my breasts. She cupped them in her hands and brushed her fingers
over my hardened nipples heading downwards pressing her lips deeply
into my skin, I had to maneuver my body on the couch in a complex
position to give them both what they wanted. And just like that, without
even a moment's notice I could be put on the spot and have to amuse
them in any way they wanted. A shameful way to make someone feel like
a used toy, I wasn't around for companionship I was there for one thing, I
was a compliant piece of eye candy
giving a vindictive little chuckle, "That was fun." Jeffrey concurred with
request "Why don't you come up with me upstairs for a steam bath and
downstairs to get ready to go see Ghislane's townhouse as he hac
promised her earlier. He loved taking the hidden staircase while I hated i
"No problem, when your ready lead the
way." I had to get dressed again being that we were in Ghislane's
downstairs office. Putting my clothes back on, Ghislane thought she had
buttered him up just where she wanted him to ask for him to come have a
look at her new townhouse renovations when he was finished with his
massage. A very strange relationship those two have, there's a definite
love flowing between them but not a passionate one, more like a
down the hallway along with each step you took came with a pair of eyes
that followed your every step. Brown, blue, green, hazel, all of the colors
sere thied starine at you thou ore way down. As each step progressed.
We found Ghislane where we had left her, in her office. She had just
received an order in, a satellite camera with a twelve-inch flat screen. She
told us how it was used to pick up any person in any location with the
quick insert of an address. Quite a powerful new toy I thought, but it was
only a minute display of what the rich could afford, what use they would
get out of it was another concern. Soon after she was done figuring out
the controls on the camera. we made a rare and first for me pit stop, the
security room. What I thought was our way out by the front door was
another hidden door. I was in shock as I was led into a room, so discreet
that in three years I never even knew it existed. I kept my head down
most of the time, knowing how secretive this must be being another door
was an entire security base within his mansion. What I could see when I
stole a glimpse here and there was an array of tiny screens, twenty odd or
something. Small screens showing various rooms of the mansion I had
recognized. The images were constantly changing so I found it hard to
pinpoint an exact location but from the décor and short glimpses I
suddenly knew from then on that my feelings of my every move being
watched inside his corridors was now more than a possibility but was
actually happening. Jeffrey spoke to an obese Spanish guy at the desk
whose iob was to disgustingly overlook all of the video feedback. Kil
moments or the most horrendously terrible of them all, is sex and money.
Chapter 15
t, I was again astonished at Jeffrey's capabilities. I didn't want to eve
hink how deep the video infiltrated, pretending like I never saw anythin
93
94
D Copyright Protected Materia
CONTIDENTIAI
GIUFFRE004226
I Copyright Protected Materi
ONFIDENTIA
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page610 of 648


for by Jeffrey, he pointed out needed changes all over the place, driving
the builders mad, as always. He wanted the place to scream out
"GHISLANE" with a bold statement. Checkered floors and bold colors
was the theme, like the queen of hearts from Alice in Wonderland, very
The dust from the walls being torn down chocked my throat and the
elevator was not in use, the stairs were hardly either. The whole house
was in bad shape then having to go up three flights of rickety steps was a
bit of a risk too but worth it once you made it to her future walk in
wardrobe or to us commoners, a closet the size of a small a house.
Complete with a dressing room, luxurious bathroom and plenty of storage
for her every ensemble. Even without it being finished it was already a
work of art, a sanctuary for any woman. She adorned herself in her future
home, finally her own, relishing every inch of it, she already put in a
work desk and spoke constantly of its ongoing renovations. About an
hour later we were off to pick out curtains and look at some paint samples
at a couple different boutique looking shops. Easily passing off as an
ordinary couple for the day, they walked arm in arm strolling the streets
of the Upper East Side. Except to me, still replaying the early afternoon's
events, shaking my head over the echoed images in my mind, I followed
behind just waiting to be needed again.
Over the course of the next few months was a constant influx of
exorbitant excursions at Jeffrey's mansions, mainly to his island, to keep
up with his ever-demanding sexual appetite with various young women
and teenage girls. I got back on the Xanax, an old habit that I felt at the
time would stop my memories from flowing back, rehabilitate my
problems and relax me enough to deal with any situation at hand, no
matter what the circumstance revealed itself to be. It was a drug that
would blind my eyes to everything I should've been running from.
Having Brunel always in the picture these days wasn't helping me at all
either. Sending his girls for Jeffrey at all of his places now and at a
vigorous flow, they had an abundance of girls at their disposal. If I were
to count one girl for everyday of the week, it would be the
underestimated statement of the century. So many girls between the two
of them, some nights it would be a free for all frenzy for Jeffrey and
runel, seven or so girls giving them their upmost attention, doting or
heir every moan and whimper, Jeffrey being the main concern sinc
Brunel worked for him and we were all aware of that too. If there were
leaven on earth for men like Jeffrey, than he would be their God. Ever
le of his inner most desires was fulfilled when his harem of women wa
ound. No wonder he didn't travel much abroad these days, all he eve
wanted was right at his doorstep. I couldn't believe that he was still
asking me to bring girls to him as well. There was never enough girls to
fill his appetite, so on occasion I would meet a pretty girl around my age
and invite her back to his place to make some quick money by offering
her a really good contact in the modeling and acting business. Keeping
him satisfied and in need of me was a tiring job. With so much
competition I had to be on the ball, seeming ambitious to grant him all of
his desires. It was a lot of pressure and a spotlight of a role to undertake
at such a young age but I told myself this is what my life's training had
led me up to be.
My Birthday was around the corner and turning eighteen had lost all of
its sparkle and pizzazz. There were no more surprises in store for me,
nothing that would bedazzle me I hadn't done already. I spent my
birthday on the island, having a quiet dinner and watching "Sex and the
City" on the couch with Jeffrey, Ghislane and Emmy. There was no cake
or a celebration of any sort but I did get a couple of presents that I opened
outside underneath the main cabana. Jeffrey gave me a beautiful pair of
sapphire and diamond encrusted earrings and Ghislane bought me another
designer makeup case. I thanked the two of them with a tight squeeze and
a gratuitous short spiel. As it went quiet, I looked out to the ocean and
wondered if across these waters was there ever going to be happier days
spent with someone special to me. Would he be kind, compassionate, and
always be there when I needed him most? Or would I end up settling for
my final bit of training, a marriage to a greedy old scrooge? Either way
what I wanted most didn't matter right now, I was still bound by Jeffrey's
hold over me and all I had to keep telling myself to get through this epic
journey was, this is just the way it was for now.
Around the table for breakfast Jeffrey announced that he was expecting
a few guests coming over with Brunel, no one of importance, just his
usual entourage of beautiful girls. Russian models this time and Jeffrey
was also having a photographer flown in to take modeling photos using
the island as the perfect background for a sexy shoot. All of us girls were
ushered onto rocks, hammocks, dug into sand and displayed just about
anywhere they wanted. We were being photographed in next to nothing
ike a netted fabric placed over us if the shot called for it, but the more
After the photo shoot we did some outdoor watersports. While us girls
raced the jet skis around and jumped on the water trampoline, the men
stayed on dry land to watch us from the beach. I was so used to this
constant charade of girls and I didn't mind having a bit of fun but this
was different, I had to be more than just polite because I already knew it
wouldn't be long before we were all intimate with each other as well.
Being the only girl that spoke English out of all of them was also a huge
blunder. The only way we could communicate was through hand gestures
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page611 of 648
95
96
I Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004228
Copyright Protected Materi
ONFIDENTIA
GIUFFRE004229


and body language, a very primitive form of speaking, but what choice
I did my best to get acquainted and as I had previously assumed after
lunch on the beach we were again ushered into another part of the island.
Jeffrey's cabana. There was no need for words here, as the girls already
knew exactly what to do. Without saying anything they undressed me and
beran to ravage my body with their hands, tongues, lips and fingers. I
was delirious, never having done anything like this before with so many
girls. It was sheer chaos; I don't honestly know how men could fantasize
over this. Through the glimpses in between bodies crossing over me I
could see Jeffrey and Brunel watching us, sitting in a chair with their
hands around their penises, stroking themselves together 'The best part is
they don't even speak English so there's never a need to have to keep
lem amused" I could hear one of the men divulge and pretty sure it cam
om Jeffrey laughing out loud to Brunel. I just closed my eyes and wen
somewhere else in my mind until it was all over. That was that, life went
on and we all moved on to eat dinner together.
It couldn't be more awkward as Jeffrey and Brunel were beside
themselves with their ego's beaming, and the girls chatted like busy little
chipmunks with each other. Ghislane and Emmy on the other end of the
table were being amused at the entire racquet around the table and then
there was me. Sitting quietly and smiling in people's direction when
needed, I was counting down the minutes until I could go lay down in my
giant comfortable bed, slipping away to the gentle noises the island
created and sink comfortably into a deep sleep with the assistance of my
Xanax. Scratching at the plate in front of me with my fork out of
boredom, I wasn't even hungry. I had lost my appetite for food. Rather
sipping on the champagne I wanted to feel as far away from here as
possible. What seemed like hours for everyone to finish their meals we
were finally all saying goodnight and goodbye to each other, as Brunel
was off early in the morning and taking the eight beauties with him.
"Thank God" I told myself. once was more than I could handle of that in
day or retiring for the evening, an outside shower was always splendid.
Under a thick dark cloak of the night sky only the moon and stars to shed
enough light for me to see my way around. I could feel the soft breeze
lick the droplets falling off of my bodies' curves in the reflection of the
moonlight. It only encouraged me to stay longer under the warmth from
the spray of rushing water. I let the hot water run out before I was
sufficed enough to go back inside. Lounging around the bed in my
panties and a tank top I was still sweltering from the heat. Trying to tire
myself out, I did some reading and eventually fell asleep. I needed those
times to unwind after such an ordeal, letting the Xanax wash away all of
the pain I could then forgive the mistakes I had made, blaming myself for
staying around for this I had wished I was never born at all. The pills
would take all of that away for me. My heart was a tangled weave of
deception and pain, only reassured by the lies that were told to me and the
lies I would have to convince myself of.
Chapter 16
When we flew back into Palm Beach, Juan drove me back to my
apartment. Lonely for some companionship 1 decided to call an old
friend. I was longing to be important to someone and unfortunately with
such little time to have a social life of my own I was compelled to call T.J
again. His Mom answered the phone and sounded quite surprised to hear
my voice on the other end. She was always kind to me, I even used to
bring her back "Cola" cans from other countries a bizarre hobby she
loved collecting. She just didn't know what I saw in her son, even saying
that to his face many times over. Not blind to his ways of cheating and
raight back to my cabana after dessert was served nearly tripping ove
y own two feet as I tried to scuttle off in a hurry. As soon as I entere
No and at dace a foratowad seast. da deep exhe suhase, four age
my cigana was wesomed Cals or warn ali as open plague. I
but that could be days from now. The last time he had been home was
over a couple of weeks now. He only stopped by to get something to eat,
lave a long sleep and to beg her for a few bucks, supposedly to help him
buy food. Then he was off again without a single word said, only leavin
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page612 of 648
97
98
L? Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004230
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004231|


his parents to their own assumptions, which were pretty much correct
I then called around a couple of mutual friends to see if anyone had
heard from him. Everyone I spoke to pointed their fingers in the same
direction and the worst place possible, Ritchie's house. One of his best
friends told me of how bad he was doing,
"He's not the same guy
anymore, and all he cares about is the next high he gets. If we don't get
anything for him he just loses it and goes off somewhere." It was hard to
hear how badly affected my best friend was and a part of me secretly
hoped they weren't right. Still defending him, I told everyone I had spoke
too while trying to find him that T.J would be fine, he's just probably
going through a bad phase, like we all do sometimes and needs people to
have his back more than ever now. I was pretty much laughed at on the
spot, most people that I considered my friends at the time were only
friends by association. As long as we all looked the part, acted the part,
and could handle the part, only then did they want to be around us. The
last person I called was the last person I had hoped he wasn't with and it
turned out that everyone was right.
He was with one of the biggest Coke dealers in our area, Ritchie-Rich,
as everyone used to call him. He didn't look like a typical strung out
junkie or dealer. Instead he looked like your average preppy college grad
with aspiring propositions. He dressed well and acted like a nice guy to
imminent clients only to get them hooked on his drugs and then turns
them out onto the streets. He was a businessman and his business was
thriving. He carried everything from most drugs to guns and knives.
Having ears in all places made him a dangerous acquaintance. Using kids
off the local Palm Beach streets to run his dirty errands and the errands of
the others above him, he made his money by using these teenagers, who
as hard as it was to believe was once somebodies sweet child.
I knew T.J didn't have the finances to support himself or his drug habit
so the likelihood of him being indebted to Ritchie in other ways was a
safe assumption. Obtaining Ritchie's number from one of T.J's friends
Marcus he asked me, "What do you want to call Ritchie for? Come over
to my place and I can get you whatever you want" Marcus was a sleaze
bag who would tirelessly continue to try to appeal to my lesser sense of
judgment, never getting the hint or just not caring that I could never and
would never be interested in him. "No Thanks Marcus, can I just get the
number please, it's very important that I get ahold of T.J, I'm really
worried about him." I hated having to call this guy let alone have to ask
him for something. "Is this about the Adam bullshit? Cause if it is you
can let him know what a fucking bitch he is for not showing up to be
there for him, you can tell him from me that it's his fault and it should've
been him that's lying in the morgue now, not Adam" I was totally thrown
by his allegations I could only mutter out a whisper "Did you just say that
Adam is dead, what happened?" "Oh snaps, I thought you knew, where
have you been girl, under a rock or something?" Marcus was less than
"He got shot in the head by two black guys
who got suspicious when their usual supplier didn't show up, your boy
T.J was so fucked up he didn't even remember to turn up at Ritchie's for
the delivery, so Ritchie sent Adam alone and now he's dead." Adam was
a sweet kid who just happened to be born living on the wrong block. Best
friends with T.J since childhood, the two were inseparable until puberty
hit and even then they would chase girls together. Adam followed in T.J's
every footstep, mimicking his shadow, if T.J jumped off the Eifel Tower
then so would Adam so when T.J got hooked on drugs consequently
Adam did too, leading ultimately to his death. Wanting to end the
conversation with Marcus quickly I scribbled down the phone number on
a blank piece of paper in front of me and hung up the phone to call
"Yeah?" It was Ritchie whom bluntly answered the phone after the first
ring. "Hi -Uh- Rich, It's Jenna, T.J's ex, we met a couple of times at a
few parties" I was trying to remind him of who I was knowing how
paranoid he was about people having his number. "Oh yeah, I know who
you are, what is it you want?" He answered with a dry tone. " I was
hoping you could tell me where I could find T.J, I've heard some stuff
and am really worried about him, is he alright?" Ritchie snickered at my
concerns. "What are you his Mom or something? He's fine, he should be
back here around five o'clock, l'll tell him you called." In the middle of
me saying "Thanks and good-bye" he hung up the phone, as there is no
room for manners in his line of work. I waited until five o'clock watching
the minutes on the clock tick past and when five o'clock came and passed
by with still no phone call, I couldn't deny to myself that I wasn't
stricken with distress. Falling asieep wasn't easy either. I ended up
crashing out on my sofa watching T.V, half expecting to hear of another
murder on the news and it being T.J
Forgetting to put on my eye mask before I went to bed, I was woken up
the next morning by rays of the sun beaming into my living room. When I
sleep I am a creature of darkness, avoiding any window light at all costs.
Staggering to the coffee pot not used to getting up this early, my first
thought that day was T.J and why he hadn't called. A million thoughts
rushed through my head like a steam train...is he ok? Is he not calling
because he is still mad from our last breakup? Has he moved on to
someone else? Is he in any trouble? Did Ritchie even pass on my
message? The thoughts were an endless infliction, consuming my entire
day.
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page613 of 648
99
100
[ Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004232
I Copvrieht Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAI
GIUFFRE004233


Until finally he called my cell phone later in the afternoon, relief swept
over me when I heard his voice on the other end. "Thank God you called,
I have been so worried about you, are you alright?" I jumped in without
letting him get past saying "Hello".
called his house looking for me yesterday and gave me shit for it saying
you were upset or something, what's up?" I knew I would have to be
delicate about asking what happened to Adam, thinking he'd be a mess
over it. "I heard from Marcus that something happened to Adam and I got
worried about you, what is going on?" T.J sounded scared, for what
reasons were beyond my knowledge but I was going to find out, he
replied " I don't want to talk about it over the phone. Are you in town so
we can meet up or something?" It was obvious I wanted him to know that
I was more than willing to lend my shoulder for his problems. "I'm home
now if you want to come over whenever you feel like it." He didn't
hesitate in taking me up on the offer. " But I won't be able to get there
until later, I'm downtown at Ritchie's place unless you want to come pick
me up."
It was more of a request than a favor to myself which is what he was
making it out to sound like, knowing him all to well I didn't make a fuss
of his ill-contemplated attributes. I got the address off him and made my
way into the ugliness of the not so dazzling parts of the Palm Beaches
downtown area. Rolling up my windows and locking the doors to my
truck I nervously drove through the rough streets trying to find Ritchie's
apartment complex. Knowing all too well the history of the area, it's not a
lace a lone white girl in a nice truck wants to be seen, many reports of
the locals rushing up to a vehicles with a weapon demanding money,
cars, or just angry and out to hurt someone. I was speeding through the
streets wanting to get out of there as quick as I could. A sad world we live
in with so much hurt everywhere you look and nobody wanting to do
ything about it, just accepting the hopelessness of never being able
hieve anything more than what our civilization has succumbed t
ing among one of those people, we were similar in so many way
1ly separated by our own personal fears and the different direction th
pulled us into.
through the thin walls and trying to find the unit number was difficult
from the sporadic flickering of the fluorescent lights above me.
At last I found Ritchie's one, quite astonished with myself that I even
made it this far. I had to knock loudly on the door a few times before a
young girl answered the door with eyeliner bleeding down from her eyes.
her jet black hair was strung out and a mess and she looked off her face
on some hard drug. She had only her bra and a short skirt on to cover her
private areas and a cigarette hung out of her mouth to complete the full
picture of terrible state she was in. She looked me down with contempt
and snubbed at me "What do you want?" I maintained my politeness and
told her T.J was expecting me. She opened the door and walked away,
leaving me by myself to venture through looking for T.J.
Passing through the kitchen it looked like a hospital lab with syringes on
the counter tops and medicine containers lying around everywhere.
Minding my steps through the dirty house, I walked to the back to the
living room and found T.J in a K-Hole strung out on a filthy couch.
"Hey...there" he acknowledged me with a giant smile spread across his
face. He probably didn't even know who I was from the dreadful state he
was in. My first look at him in months and I was in utter shock. My jaw
must have dropped to the floor at the very sight of him. Never seeing him
so skinny and unhealthy looking I took pity and wanted to help him
before things got even worse and he ended up like Adam, dead.
"T.J, hey buddy its Jenna, remember I was coming to pick you up
today. You don't look so good, what are you doing so messed up?" 1
don't think he could even understand what I was even saying because he
could only reply by giggling and rolling over, patting the couch as if it
were a fluffy animal. I stood over him now and raised my voice so he'd
know I was serious and snap out of it a bit. "Get Up T.I, Now!" I ushered
at him to get off the couch, repeating myself a few times over and with no
Thankfully Jeffrey was in Palm Beach for the next couple weeks
cale are or i his hal new did asked toery and to score a g
101
102
i Copyright Protecied Matcrial
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004234
] Copyright Protected Materia
CONTIDENTIAI
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page614 of 648


drugs for him any more, pleading with them and telling all of them he
was on the brink of death, reminding them of the friendship between us
all that once existed before the drugs corrupted so many of us. Some of
them laughed at me telling me I was wasting my time with T.J and others
were nice enough to at least lie to my face politely and promise not to
help him feed his addiction.
I just wanted to remedy all of his pain and problems but I felt so
helpless fighting his battle against the streets. I bought some marijuana
for him to smoke hoping to subside the withdrawals he was facing over
the next few days but with no avail. The only thing that would help him
was my Xanax, a few of those pills and he would go back to sleep, only
waking up to get more of them. I would have to force him out of bed to
have a shower once a day and make sure he ate something. He was more
like a baby right now than he was a boyfriend, too much in need of
something I couldn't give.
Chapter 17
When I went to see Jeffrey over the next course of days he picked out
the dilemma I wore spread across my face straight away.
"Your back with
T.J aren't you" It was so funny that he knew me so well. "Yeah, he's in a
real bad place in his life right now and needs my help." He looked
astonished and replied, "You're a much better friend than I am, I know
people like him and trust me they never change, no use in even trying" I
believed him too knowing I was stupid for even attempting to change T.J,
but my heart felt differently, he was still a human being and a good friend
of mine just down at his worst. "That's what good friends are for" I
laughed back at his remark, not wanting to take this conversation too
much further. "I admire your loyalty at least, but take my word for it, he
will hurt you again." His words were chilling but true, I had to find out
for myself though.
Almost seeming like an actual friend for a second he ruined his brief
momentary image by turning over from the unfinished massage that I was
riving to him and acquired his sexual longings from my worn down soul.
Vot only did he know that I didn't want to endure any more demands
tonight, but his energy enhanced from knowing it too. Looking up at him
during the foreplay, it was an easy observation from the look in my eves
that I hated every minute of it, seething through all of my duties until he
Most days I could take this kind of treatment, it was only seldom I
couldn't hold in the way Jeffrey disregarded my feelings. He had me just
where he wanted me, like a pawn piece on a checkers board I was his
own personal sex slave. For the remainder of the evening I stayed quiet,
not sure of what to say after an episode like that. It was a vigorous
display of how calumniating he could really be. He required me to clean
up his spilled semen off of his genitals with a wet warm washcloth before
he retired to his bedroom for a good night's sleep. Only a monstrous
creep could sleep easy at night knowing what pain he caused others.
I went downstairs and asked Juan, who was still in the kitchen to pay
me for the evening telling him that Jeffrey had gone to sleep for the night.
It wasn't an unusual request. Juan would often have to fix up "the girls"
after the sessions and sometimes even drive them home. He went to
Jeffrey's desk and underneath was his duffel bag that always held
insurmountable bundles of crisp hundred dollar bills. He took out two for
me and handed them over. I thanked him and said goodnight, as I was
always polite to Juan and his wife, Maria. His eyes were gentle and told
me more than what he was allowed to say. I understood well. We all
needed to eat and pay bills unfortunately even sometimes at our own
Putting the keys into the ignition I started up the engine and reversed out
of Jeffrey's driveway with promptness. I didn't want to be there a
moment longer than I had to. Not much to look forward too getting back
to my apartment either, I needed some time to filter my emotions.
Parking my truck in front of a nearby beach I took my shoes off gradually
stepping out of the door into the fog. I walked down to the edge of the
sand where the water licked at my toes. My life was slipping away from
me and I was really beginning to question the difference between living
and dying. I was so tired of everything, my whole existence revolved
around being everything to everyone, forgetting about being something
for myself altogether. Pretending to be someone else became an attribute
I was better than good at, probably much of why Jeffrey liked me in the
first place. This time I held back my tears back and only let the anger
fester into a deep pit in my stomach. My rage was aimed at the very
people who abandoned me to fend for myself in the first place and
accepted this life as normal for me, my parents.
When I got back to my apartment I was expecting to have to look after
T.J, but to my surprise he had come around good that night. He greeted
me at the door and asked how my evening was. "It was all fine" I easily
lied. I never let anyone inside close enough to see my vulnerabilities.
They were mine alone to battle. In my head they were too shameful to
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page615 of 648
103
104
i| Copyright Protccted Material
CONMDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004236
I Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUM RE004237


talk about anyways. He wanted to talk about something else anyways.
Sitting me down at the dining room table he began his spiel. " I know you
don't think much of me anymore, how could you? I'm a junkie who
steals and sells drugs for a living, but I promise that's all going to change
now. Adam is dead because of me and the only way I can make it up to
him is to get away from it all. I promise things are going to get better. " It
was a convincing talk, but I knew him all too well. His demon inside
yearned for him to fail but who was I to second-guess him out loud, I
could only try to give him hope. "No one is perfect T... At least you re
trying now and that's all that matters to me. I am so proud of you. " I gave
him a sincere hug and kissed him for the first time in a long time. "I love
you," he said to me and I returned my love back. We slept in the same
bed together that night and were officially back on together.
Two days later I was gone again, beckoned to be in Santa Fe. Ghislane
only told me that I was to meet someone there, not sure of whom that
was. It wasn't my place to ask questions. As far as I knew it could be
anyone and I had no choice but to be compliant to their needs. It was the
middle of the day when I arrived at the airport. One of the ranch hands
came to pick me up in a big work truck that smelled like dirt and sweat
but I didn't mind that's what I loved about the countryside.
When we arrived at the mansion my guest was already there waiting for
me. I couldn't wipe the look off my face as he turned around from the
bookshelf that he was standing at.
sight. He wrapped his arms around my waist and greeted me like an old
friend. I hugged him back rolling my eyes at the same time, already
together but I thought in this world and to these monsters, there didn't
need to be a reason. To them it's nothing but a reenactment of their
personal fantasies. To me it was a living nightmare.
Thankfully one of Jeffrey's assistants from New York called me on my
cell phone early in the morning on the second day to fill me in on my
next adventure. I had a flight booked for me to leave that afternoon to
arrive at La Guardia airport in the evening.
to yet another controlling man, I was still relieved. At least I was used to
the confinements of Jeffrey's control and in some twisted way he was
more comforting than these strangers he sent me to. Overlooking the city
of New York as the plane landed felt like I was flying from one cage to
another. Entrapped by falling victim to the predators that lured me into
their enclosure. I didn't know how I would ever get out again. That deep
pit in my stomach began to churn again, a physical reaction to the anxiety
I was plagued with. Before getting oft the plane I touched up my make-
up to hide any signs of the frailty I was feeling.
Jo-Jo met me at the arrival terminal and picked up my luggage for me.
He never said much at all, nodding to any reciprocating conversation. I
don't think he could really speak that good of English anyways. It was
better for me as I preferred the quietness for the moment. He opened the
back door for me and we headed off for my next prison cell. When we got
to Jeffrey's mansion on 72'd, the place looked empty. I walked up the
staircase to Jeffrey's office and he wasn't there. Feeling a bit hungry I
walked back down to where the kitchen was. I opened the fridge and
found some leftovers that Adam, Jeffrey's chef, had cooked. I loved his
cooking, when it wasn't filled with beansprouts and tofu. He used to
make me the best pizza upon request, or whenever he was cooking
ody during an erotic massage or simply take him horseback riding. Fo
he next couple of days he was to be my only concern, but he wasn't. I
alled in checking on T.J a few times a day, not wanting to be a nag bi
ust hoping he hadn't had any thoughts about relapsing. He was doin
eat, even applying for a couple jobs. Being reassured by him made r
ne away less complicated and thankfully with the helv of my eve
ready Xanax I was able to cope with the ordeal.
he mansion was completely empty save a couple of maids who also
ooked our dinners for us, and a couple bodyguards that we hardly even
another girl and to me he was just another job. Not the right reasons to be
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page616 of 648
105
106
D Copyright Protected Matorial
GIUFFRE004238
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUPFRE004230


anything I can get for you?" I asked again and he answered, "No thanks,
we just ate and I'm still full" and they sat down together on the stools at
I got out the shiny red kettle from the cupboard, knowing my way all
too well around the kitchen and put it over the hot stove plate. Turning
around to face them, I thought they were acting peculiar. "So..."Ghislane
started the conversation, "How was the ranch with the Prince?" It was a
natural reaction for me to blush, knowing exactly what she was referring
too. Keeping busy preparing her cup of tea and avoiding eye contact with
both of them I started to unpack the counter where I had been eating,
think he had a really good time, he seemed relaxed during the trip and
when we said good-bye to each other he gave me a kiss." I went on to tell
them what we did together "I took him horseback riding, nowhere to far
just around the property, um... we went swimming in the pool, and of
course I gave him plenty of massages. He had a massage at least couple
times each day really seeming to enjoy his time there." It's what they
wanted to hear, not the truth of how disgusting I had felt over the whole
thing but they already knew the truth anyways, it's what they had trained
me for in the first place.
Like two proud parents they both looked over me with such content.
"Good, you did really well" Jeffrey complimented me. Turning around to
the boiling kettle, I finished Ghislane's tea for her and the conversation
led on to other subjects. We all ventured up to Jeffrey's office and out
came the infamous duffle bag that went wherever he did. I was given
close to a thousand dollars for my time in Santa Fe, more than what I
thought anybody at my young age could make for a couple days of work.
It was fulfilling the obscene vulgar needs of the so-called privileged that
earned me so much.
Chapter 18
I spent the next few days in New York, venturing out to do some
shopping therapy. I loved the eccentric parts of the city. Every street was
reading the backs of interesting looking books. I bumped into a girl
looking down the same aisle I was down.
"Sorry, I'm so clumsy" she was
apologizing for my mistake. "No, no, it was my fault, I wasn't looking at
where I was going. I get so wrapped up with my nose in a book and trip
over my own two feet if I'm not careful enough." We were both giggling
now and I further introduced myself to her. Her name was Valerie or
Vickie or something like that, anyways she was a student at a school for
hairdressing nearby. Chatting away both young and similar interests in
each other's choice of reading we found it easy to speak with one another.
She wasn't from around here only being in the city for the last two
months, her parents hated her being here, but were also supportive in her
big decision to move from the countryside in hopes of her accomplishing
her own dreams. Aside from not having her near them, they just wanted
her to be happy and supported in her big decision to move to the city,
helping her pay some of the way.
She was a pretty girl with cherry red hair and soft white skin. Her long
legs were emphasized by the short flowery dress that complimented her
hourglass figure. She would definitely fit the pro quo for going down in
one of Jeffrey's little black books. Only imagining the look on his face
upon meeting her I could already see his sly grin spread from ear to ear.
Knowing exactly what he would do with her and the very thought of him
tarnishing a sweet country girl such as her just couldn't be done. It was
the beginning of a turning point in my life that started with realizing I had
a choice at hand and the effect I could have on one person alone. "I must
be off, but it was really nice to meet you." Bidding her goodnight and
paying for my books i turned around with one last glance over my
shoulder and said. "Good luck in the city!" Leaving that bookshop was a
small step in a growing abundance of larger strides to come. Turning the
corner onto 72"" street I had an undeniable feeling in the pit of my
used to air had done so thing had wrong that had regret ed, it
was a new feeling of pride and inner strength. I quite liked it a lot, I held
my head high and smiled on the inside when Jeffrey asked me how my
day was and what I got up to, not mentioning I had let one girl slip on
to get away from all of it. Most of the day slipped by without being
missed and I made my way back to Jeffrey's.
Making one last pit stop, I walked into an old bookshop to browse at
their assortment of old titles. I wasn't in any hurry so I took my time
countless days of the increasingly hot days there. A constant array of
visiting guests and plentiful young women to flock around keeping them
entertained was the typical lazy afternoon on Little St. Jeff's. We ate.
irent and played under the blue slanderer needs a che
c. unless vou were ike me. the one on the othe
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230,
Page617 of 648
107
108
Copyright Protected Mater
ONFIDENTLA
GIUFFRE004240
opyright Protected Mat
NFIDENT
GIUFFRE004241


side of the fence where the grass wasn't so green. Fortunately for me and
in some ways not, I was mostly expected to attend to only Jeffrey's
insurmountable of sexual desires. Whereas the other girls who came one
day and went the next were promised a multitude of open doors just for
there meager participation in sexual acts with random men, only to be
disappointed when they realized they were nothing more than a single
night out for these geriatric senior citizens who most likely due
Alzheimer's would sooner forget the entire experience let alone their first
Surrounded by those in our world who many looked up too but not
seeing them from where I was standing, I didn't have the highest of
standards in humanity. Then I met Al Gore and his lovely wife during
one of those many weekends away in the Caribbean. I was blown away
by the amount of attention Al doted on his wife, it was so sweet to watch.
They sat next to each other at the dinner table gazing into one another's
eyes having an intimate conversation between them. Among the many
guests visiting that night and many of them young beautiful women, not
once did Al's eye's stray elsewhere, to them they were the only ones
there. He was up for a presidential election that year and he definitely had
my vote. Anyone that could show that much devotion and passion
towards his loved ones could have the same devotion towards running a
country, or at least I thought so. He only left his wife's side to have a
walk down to the beach with the host of the weekend, Jeffrey. The
weather was still warm in the evening when I decided to break away from
the idle chat around the table and take a stroll too.
Not wanting to interrupt the conversation between Jeffrey and Al, I
walked in the opposite direction plucking the washed up sea shells
mbedded in the sand along the way. I enjoyed the serenity in the solitude
of the island. So many nooks and crannies to get lost in, I could imagine
enough to find some old coins here and there. It wasn't easy though, both
loving a challenge it was perfect for us.
the bushes we would be searching through and then the soar arms from
digging all day, but it was worth it in the end. After nearly two years of
collecting iteins and saving them, we made Jeffrey a mosaic table out of
the remaining pieces left from the era of the pirate's day. Upon
completing it we were both astounded in our creation, it was such an item
of rarity and an interesting piece of work. When we presented it to Jeffrey
he was even impressed not only in our amazing finds but what we did
with them. The table became an important work of art that Jeffrey
showed off inside the main house's lounge room, sparking a much
intrigue and table conversation by many of the visiting guests to his
The next morning was good-bye for most of the visitors, leaving just
the usual behind. Soaking in the sun and living it up in the lap of luxury is
how the next few weeks were spent before having to get back to the
dredge of the city. Sometimes we'd have to go to St. Jolns island for
Jeffrey to do some work in the office. It was so boring for me to sit in
their listening to him on the phone or coming down on some poor
employee for something stupid like not answering the phone correctly. If
I knew he was going to be awhile I would excuse myself for a bit of
shopping. Not that the Caribbean had much to offer in the world of
fashion but there was never an amount of bikinis one girl could own and I
loved all the little knick knacks one could find there. Flying back on a
private jet was the best part because I could transport just about anything
wanted back to my apartment, which was already filled with ar
assortment from my shopping ventures and collection of seashells from
the Caribbean.
an heroe eibe dimissed dom is role anton l isher becausesid
Bill Clinton. He is the only president
Case 18-2868,
ist party animal Ghislane to still be
mbarked on. Trying not to make eye contact as I walked past them o
ly way back to my cabana carrying my seashells inside my curled u
use, I wasn t up tor anymore pointless talking tonight. Emptying c
' seashells into a plastic bag. I went over my new treasures one by o
I loved collecting odd things, shells being one of my favorites.
is was Bill with two lovely girls who were visiting from New Yorl
Bill's wife, Hillary's absence from the night made it easy for his apparer
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page618 of 648
109
110
Il Copyright Protected Material
GIUFFRE004242
Copyright Protected Mator
NFIDENTI
GIUFFRE004243


Jeffrey wanted his evening massage before bed and Ghislane and
Emmy went to their office to talk about something, leaving our guest of
honor to find company elsewhere. Strolling into the darkness with two
beautiful girls around either arm, Bill seemed content to retire for the
evening. He wanted to have a hot bath before bed while I began the
massage in the tub. Starting with his feet and calves, he wanted to end the
night quickly. Never showing any restraint he sat up on the edge of the
tub and asked me to preform on him orally. I did my job, but that's all our
relationship was these days, a dreadful job. Getting it over and done with
as quick as possible was my hope but I couldn't let him pick up on those
vibes, to make him enticed I had to act like his little porn star, knowing
exactly low he wanted it. Only then would my duties be fulfilled and I
would be able to get back the reality of my complicated life. Before I
could say goodnight, Jeffrey had one more request. He wanted me to tuck
him under the blankets and fluff his pillows for him. Then I had to reach
under the covers and massage his feet while watching him fall asleep, he
even wanted me to wait like twenty minutes or so after he tell asleep
before I could leave. It wasn't unusual for him to ask it but God I hated it,
never offering it I would always wait for him to request it. Once he was
snoring gently I wiped my hands clean of the lotion and quietly closed the
doors to his room. Making my way up the outdoor spiraling staircase, I
felt the breeze blow through my hair and looked up to the heavens. The
stars shown so bright out here in the middle of nowhere with no big city
lights to hinder their effect I could get lost in time staring into them. No
matter how far gone I really felt there was always something about a
simple caress from the wind or the reflection of the star sweeping sky in
the black glossy ocean that would always remind me of my fond love of
nature's blessings.
Back in New York, there was nothing left of nature to adorn. It was a
dwelling for those who no longer saw the use for trees without cages or
blue skies without clouds of man made fumes and gases. Unfortunately if
we weren't in the Caribbean, we were there in New York. Hardly going
back to Palm Beach, barely even seeing my family, my dog or T.J these
days at all. In my parents heads I was all grown up and educated in the
world of wealth not needing them any longer they would just wait for my
call once in a while to let them know how I was doing and that was the
extent to our restricted relationship. The road my life has led down never
has kept me close to home anyways so to me it wasn't anything
unordinary but still a sad existence to be without a family of my own. It
would've been nice to be missed though, rarely letting myself think like
that. No room for pity in my heart, if I did, the floodgates could open and
I'd have enough grief in one lifetime to go around a few times that they
would've never been closed.
Jeffrey's business was running well from the looks of his attentiveness
the office he owned in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Alan
Dershowitz, his colleague in finances and personal solicitor, a bird of the
same feather, I had seen hanging around the island and Jeffrey's
Manhattan mansion, more and more these days. Alan's taste for the
young and beautiful was a bias for a blooming business relationship
between him and Jeffrey. After an explicit session of Jeffrey's vulgar
pilgrimage into my body, we were interrupted by a knock at the door by
Jeffrev's good friend, Alan. I wrapped myself up in Jeffrey's pink bed
sheets, which is the color preference he chose to sleep in because it
reminded him of the same color of his own words "Pussy", and covered
my face from the unexpected intrusion. Jeffrey got up and wrapped a
towel around his loins and answered the door completely calm. Opening
the bedroom door and letting Alan inside they began to converse about
business immediately, right in front of me. Jeffrey started to tell Alan
what needed to be done while he jostled some notes down quickly. I
peeked my head from underneath the covers thinking they were too
wrapped up in their work to notice me get up and dressed, and Jeffrey
turned back to me and told me to just stay there this would only take a
second. Going back to Alan he turned his focus back into work and
hustled out a few more orders before letting Alan out of the door and
returning his attention to me.
"Sorry about that, work never stops and neither will the money coming
in. How else am I going to make a million dollars while I'm sleeping?"
Jeffrey chuckled as he sat back down on the bed next to me. I laughed at
his humorous and mostly true statement, then a strand of hair fell in front
of my face. Before I could get to it he put it back behind my ears and
sweetly stroked my face, for a moment we just looked into each other's
eyes and he nearly seemed almost human to me. It was bizarre how he
could be so kind and gentle one moment and the second beforehand I was
being treated like no more than a common plaything left out for display.
Nothing more than an ego trip, Jeffrey got off on letting the ones he
wanted to know that he could own anything and anyone he wanted in this
world. Maybe for a brief minute I believed the sincerity behind his eyes
but that vision would quickly fade away and I would be left second.
nude, but still an odd feature at that. As I always did whenever |
showered with him, I lathered a loofa with soapsuds and would scrub his
body, up and down, in between his toes, even behind his ears and of
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page619 of 648
111
112
• Convrieht Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004244
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004245


course his genitals area. The sunlight shown through the glass ceilings
into where we were standing, making the moment feel even more surreal
on top of the already popped Xanax I had popped before for breakfast
arlier that morning. Jettrey was in such a lighthearted mood that day
aking funny cracks at me, and acting like a flirt. When I was finishe
washing him he actually wanted to wash me too, which was another
totally out of his character suggestion.
or the rest of the day, he took me everywhere with him, the office anc
hen to a friends place, even just wanting to hang out with me for a while
I wasn't used to being treated like anything more than a dog on a leash,
when he acted like this it just completely spun me around confusing me
We were spending heaps of time together these days, a lot more than
usual. At the ranch we would do things together, alone, and not just the
usual perverted things I was accustomed to doing with him alone.
Horseback riding on his ranch during weekends away by ourselves and
movie nights snuggling up over a bucket of popcorn instead of having to
lassage his feet during the entire film became his way to alter my
erception of my original notion that I wasn't iust his sex slave. I thouet
I was finally becoming his friend.
When we went quad biking he no longer wanted me to take my own
It all came to a sudden conclusion one sunny afternoon in the Caribbean.
the shallow reefs within the radius of the dock, but to Jeffrey the half ar
hour swim in the ocean was enough to overexert his ageing limbs. I took
oves at the samarime. lad it in thostage he dreya backs a rem
handing one to Ghislane, I sat down next to them on the dock and w
laughed how fatigued Jeffrey was, poking fun that he really is getting
Ider. A very touchy subject for the vain at heart but he didn't seem t
ind it, probably knowing we'd never take the joke too far. We sat ther
spiri win their. The biggest turning point of events in all of my lime
impression I was intrigued in our new kind of affair.
Chapter 19
His attentiveness led into the warmer months that commenced the
sexual enjoyments he further seduced me into believing I meant a lot
have a hefty monthly allowance from Jeffrey's bank account" Astonished
at their first offers I nearly took the bait. Then she continued to finish the
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page620 of 648
113
114
C Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004246
opyright Protected Mater
INFIDENTI
GIUFFRE004247


monogamous and that the child would belong in Jeffrey's custody in the
event of a falling out between the two of you.
" She kind of threw that last
one in there quickly, as if she could get away with me not hearing that I
would basically have to relinquish the rights to my own flesh in blood
and surrender them to a life of servitude and abuse with these people. My
maternal alarm bells went off straight away and I already knew my
answer. No way I could I do that to any poor baby, God only knew what
these monsters had in store for me let alone a baby, but it was an instant
reaction that saved me. " I don't know guy's, I mean I'n really young
and never really even thought about having kids yet. Wow, I just don't
know." I slicked my hand through my hair nervously and took in a silent
breath. I had to go beyond what I was truly feeling and give them the
feeling that I'd never let them down. Putting an eager smile on my face
and sucking up my gut's intuition I told them "You know what, let me get
my certificates in massage and have some time to prepare for this and get
healthy then next year we'll all think about having a baby together." It
was crazy to even hear me say out loud but from the expressions on their
faces I had fulfilled their wishes.
Much reason to celebrate that night they were both in a cheery mood
around the dinner table. Except for me who had taken double the dosage
of Xanax to even cope with the high amounts of anxiety I had been
suffering from since we got back from the dock. I wasn't sipping the
champagne that night, I was gulping it and when their moods tured from
cheery to raunchy later that evening it wasn't hard for me to comply
From the full effects of the state I was in I would've agreed to just abou
anything, allowing them to treat themselves to ravishing the tender parts
of my body.
Over the next few weeks everything went on as it normally would, and
not another mention of their proposal. My birthday was only a week away
glasses off while granting me a big smile. "Come over here and sit down
with me" as he ushered me to come sit on his lap. Pulling me onto him he
had a funny look on his face, like he had something really big to tell me
and was letting the anticipation build in the thickness of the silence.
"What???" I laughed at the way he was looking at me now. "First of
all.. Happy birthday today." Was only the beginning of his
announcement and he proceeded to tell me "I know how much you have
wanted this for so long and you are more than deserving of it. You are
going away to Thailand to learn authentic Thai Massage and within eight
weeks you'll receive a certificate for being a qualified Thai Massage
Therapist." Astonished at his attempts to see me get what I wanted, not
exactly the type of massage I was interested in but it was a start and a
first certificate for me to acquire. My eyes lit up and I threw my arns
around his neck, planting a big kiss on his lips, which 1 rarely ever did.
"Wow, I don't know what to say, this is beyond my wildest
dreams... thank you so much!" I did well to let him know I appreciated
his grandeur offer. He went on to give me the details of where I'd be
staying, the school's schedules, and how much he loved Thai massage,
apparently it was the next big thing to hit the shores of America. He had
planned out an entire itinerary for me. I was to depart at the end of
August and he had already enrolled me in a class at "ITM Massage
School". I would only have a few days to settle in before I would be
attending classes five days a week over eight hours a day. He even had an
assignment for me to do while I was over there. I was to meet up with a
girl who was also being put up at the "Princess Hotel" where I was
staying. She had an Asian sounding name so I just assumed she was a
local girl hoping for an opportunity of a lifetime, if she only knew what
she would be getting herself into. If I decided that she met Jeffrey's
ackaround of iny room I was painting my toenails when I was suddenl
uzzed on the intercom. It was Jeffrey calling himself to ask me to me
what he had in store for me.
beckon me inside. "Hello, what cha up too?" I
(ko med oside figlo, what do up toffey asked in and hear bone of
voice. Walking over to his desk he looked up at me taking his reading
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page621 of 648
115
116
• Copyright Protocted Material
CONHONA
GIUFFRE004248
Copyright Protected Materi
CONFIDENTIAI
GIUFFRE004249


doesn't make sense to most sane people but after all of the time spent
with them, I had gotten to understand a few of their quirky ways. Even if
I didn't agree with them, they knew I would for their sake of opinion.
What did it matter anyways I thought, I had been degraded in every other
physical way what's the difference from taking their mental abuse too.
Not the exact choice of employers I would've chosen over again if given
the opportunity but here I was and doing my very best to excel at their
I was sent home for a little over a week to pack for the long trip and
make the rounds visiting my family before I left overseas on my first trip
all by myself. It was great to see my family after such a long time away.
My older brother and his wife even came down to visit for the well
wishing of my departure. Everyone in my family seemed stoked at the
prospects my long journey had led me down. Here I was jet setting
around the world in my teens and getting paid to study the course of my
dreams at a cost that I only knew I would have to pay. It was a wonderful
get together with all of them around, a great way to remember them. If I'd
only known it would be the last time I would see any of them I would've
emphasized to my brothers how much I really loved them both and how
much I would miss them in the decade to come! But I didn't know what
my future held for me, I had nothing planned out I was just hoping for the
time so 1 just put my dog on the lead and took her for a walk to calm
down the situation and give me some time to be alone. Mary Jane was the
only one I hated leaving behind. When we got back from the long walk
she barricaded my suitcase while I was packing the horrendous amount of
clothing that I always did. I was promising her I wouldn't be long and
told her how much I loved her giving her a big hug. I choked back on the
tears that were swelling up in my eyes, it was like she already knew the
night before I flew out to New York that this would be my final trip.
There was a commercial flight booked for me in the morning and I
needed the rest that night to fully recover from my binge of celebration
drinking. T.J crept into bed later that night and tried to redeem his
behavior with sweet nothings and dry humping my backside. It did
nothing for me sexually. I didn't feel like that for him any longer and the
sooner he realized that, the better he'd be off. I told him I wasn't up for it
and he picked up a pillow and slammed the door behind him. It didn't
matter I told myself, the next day I was off and wouldn't have to deal
with him or anyone.
T.J caught a cab with me to MIA, the airport in Miami. He walked with
me to the furthest point he was allowed to go by the security gates and as
we stood in line together it was almost heartbreaking seeing him cry. I
told him I'd try to call him everyday, attempting to give him optimistic
ways to look at this time away from each other. In the end he had me
crying and I had to give into my remaining feelings I had for him. One
ast kiss under the x-ray bridge and he vanished out of my sight as
urthered down the terminals long hal
Chapter 20
It was only a short flight to New York and I just couldn't wait until next
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page622 of 648
117
118
D Copyright I'rotected Material
CONTANAI
GIUFFRE:004250
opyright Protected Mate
NFIDENTI
GIUTFRE004251


staircase I prepared myself for some major sucking up before I left, he
would be expecting it for his recent generosity, or so I had thought.
Opening those familiar heavy doors the first thing I saw was an
unfamiliar face standing over Jeffrey's shoulder.
She was a tall girl with blonde hair twisted up in a professional looking
knot. Her big smile was flashing at him with hints of her cheekiness to
come and she was dressed to kill with a short tight grey skirt and a
matching suit jacket over her white buttoned down blouse, revealing her
voluptuous ample cleavage. She looked like the old college professor's
wet dream. When she introduced herself to me, a thick Czech accent
presented itself. Her name was Nadia Marcinkova and Jeffrey looked just
about as smitten as a victim of a love struck arrow from no one but the
cupids themselves. Jeffrey further introduced her as his new assistant and
masseuse while I would be away, barely taking his eyes off her for one
second. It was a bit of a blow to take, being so easily replaced but also a
part of me already knew this was expected off someone like him. Good
for him I thought to myself, why should I have bitterness over someone I
never had intimate feelings for and knew had never really cared for me in
the first place. Kissing her on the cheeks and telling her my name, I was
doing my best to grin and bear it. We hugged for a brief show of
uniformity but it was just that, a show for Jeffrey to see. When he was
Throw out your confetti because here I come Chang-Mai!! My
celebrations started the second I landed, it didn't take me long to make
myself aquatinted with a few fellow travelers and find the hot spots of the
hustling city. It was like nowhere I had ever been before. The streets were
lined with stalls offering an assortment of souvenirs, clothing, and knick-
knacks. Everyone lived so freely and was in such great spirits. The parties
raged on until the wee hours of the morning and people became best
friends over night. From the second I got there I knew Thailand was
going to be a lot of fun and I was right! Popping bottles of champagne,
dancing all night to the beat of every club's rhythm's along my way and
carrying on like it was my birthday...every night was a repetition 1 could
definitely get used too. During the day I was a real good girl, the teachers
pet even. Showing the credibility of my experience in massage from over
the last few years and already ahead of the class the teacher was using me
to help instruct the others with demonstrations. Mostly in a class full of
males it wasn't a surprise that 1 made friends with quite a few of them,
some of them with ulterior motives, but for the most part the sleazebags
were none of my concern, I had already dealt with a lifetime of them to
be able to spot one out and steer clear of his approaches. Out of the entire
class I had made friends with only one girl from Wisconsin. She was a
plain looking girl with big brown puppy dog eyes and a long drawn out
he is in out the couvay an aly nice it an it inced en make
procure our daughters off the streets all because he's got a lot of money to
pay many, many, many people off.
119
120
I.1 Copyright Protocted Material
GIUFFRE004252
Copyright Protected Materi
CONFIDENTIA
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page623 of 648


so much for sending me here to learn this. You are going to love my new
area of expertise! I am having such an amazing time over here!!" I had to
let him know how much I appreciated what he had done for me and he
loved the head swell that it would make him feel as well. Hating the
thought of going back to him, I wasn't going to let that put a damper on
my spirits while I was still out there. It was my time to party harder than
ever before. Every night was a new adventure for me. Chang-Mai was a
maze of places to get lost in and the vibrant city was my playground. The
way I saw it this was my last chance to get out and break free, letting
loose my inner girl it felt so good to take the lead of my own life.
and shove to try to find a spot to watch from. The friends that we were
hanging out with were meeting up with another group of guys that were
Chapter 21
It was an average evening getting ready in front of the bathroom mirror
on just an average Sunday, though unbeknownst to us girls as we sat
there chatting away carelessly, this night was already written in the stars
for me. It was a very long time ago now when I was still a young child
that I sat looking up to those same stars from my bedroom window with
my hands pressed tightly together as I cried for God to hear my prayers.
All I asked him for was death. My precious life was already such a
hopeless battle that I felt too small to fight alone for. Begging him to
deliver me from this cruel world I would pray for all of my pain would to
away for good. My only clause in my prayers was the possibility that
there was somebody in this wide world that I was meant to love,
something much bigger than I could have even imagined yet. This
invocation of mine was forgotten about long ago now, until tonight.
I wish I had known that night I sat crying beneath the stars that it
vould all be different one day and that I hadn't sold myself short to the
iccustomed lifestyle 1 was brought up to believing was acceptable. It was
this night my very soul was about to cosmically collide with the man I
was always meant for, the man my heart already belonged to and would
know from the instant we met. This night would be the first day to the
beginning of my new life to come.
blushed my cheeks and put on my mascara before me and m
irlfriend headed out to hit the town. We were dressed to kill and lookin
for something to do when we ran into a few of our class mates at one of
our favorite drinking spots. They were meeting up for some drinks before
wazineim be the same a hain. Destiny fell right smack into my lap t
Destinv tell right smack into my lab anc
there was no stopping it! It wasn't just his smoldering appeal that was
obvious at first sight it was the entire package of mannerism and chivalr
that made him stand out of the crowd. Stepping right out of the pages of
the fairytales I used to read, he was nothing like I had ever come to know
Watching him from a close distance he was playfully shadow boxing
one of the guys from my massage class and it was at that moment that
his handsome stranger first caught me staring at him. From top to toe this
athletically built man was intriguing to watch, I couldn't take my eyes of
him like I was magnetically drawn to his power of attraction. He further
interested me when he wasn't acting like the majority of harping dogs
that would jump at the eyes 1 was giving him now. Instead he coyly
played hard to get, making me work for any conversation with him. The
fight started and the men were going bezerk, screaming at the fighters in
the ring offering either fighter their support or discrimination depending
on whom they were batting for. It was like watching a primitive scene out
of the days when the cavemen ruled the earth but it was as equally
alluring to watch unfold, the sweat, the blood and the absolute brut
fascination of it all.
After the fight and all of the men revved up from the fight, I suggested
that we all head to the pizza joint in front of the Princess Hotel where I
was staying for a late night snack. I made it my goal to make myself
Case 18-2868,
pizza duly cans o core. Too me he migit as we have Been the only
other person in the restaurant, he knew he had my undivided attention an
I think he liked it. There was no one like him that I had ever met befor
and I knew there was no other who could make me feel the way that I felt
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page624 of 648
121
122
Li Copyright Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004254
1 Copyright Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004255


already smitten. After pizza he walked me across the street to my hotel
where we made plans to meet up again. There was no kiss goodnight or
anything like that. No, he was too polite for that, he wanted to prove
himself different and different he was. Walking through the hotel's
revolving doors I watched as he walked away and when he was finally
out of sight, I sung my way up to my room. Floating on cloud nine I was
free falling into a deep pit of love.
The next day I attended my class as usual but not able to concentrate
like I normally did, too excited about when I'd be seeing Robbie that
night again. As I walked out of class that afternoon even the teacher
noticed a difference in my performance and asked me if I was feeling
well, "On top of the world actually" I smiled back at the old instructor
and it wasn't far from the exact truth either. I hadn't ever felt the
churning of butterflies in my stomach and the constant thoughts of
anyone else like this before. My girlfriend and I got a tuk-tuk back
together as we usually did after school and I couldn't shut up about the
night before. She was laughing at my girlishness telling me that anyone
who just met me would think I had never been let out before, but little did
she know that I had more than my fair share in experience with men and
never had I ever come across anyone that could make me feel this way,
and what spun me out even more was that it was such an instant
attraction. Never considering myself a person who believed in the
existence of "Love at first sight", but a true romantic deep at heart, 1
couldn't help but believe in it now. He is my walking proof of it!
Waiting for me in the hotel lobby was the very person I couldn't stop
entertaining the thought of all day long, there he was looking ever so fine
standing in front of me now. The whole entire world faded away and all
that was left for the moment was this complete stranger 1 had only met
last night but somehow captivated the very essence of my very heart.
There was no need for me to try and act cool now. He already knew I was
he elevator up to my room he took notice of the posh décor of the hotel.
"You should see where I'm staying, this is a royal palace compared to it'
first impression of me he automatically thought I was going to b
iled hich-maintenance girl that had money coming in from a pare
efty trust fund. Casually he got to find out through many deep and
neaningful conversations that my life's grim story wasn't that pretty a
stranger almost everything.
gave me his warmth and compassion as he wrapped his strong arms
around me, making me feel so meager and small but so safe at the same
time. Encouraging me to see the worthiness of myself and leave that life
behind, he adorned me with a kind love that I wasn't accustomed too.
He took me in and made me feel so at home. It was like I had known
him my whole life. I couldn't bear to be without him another second
while I was away on this dream holiday. When he wasn't training for
Muay-Thai tournaments and I wasn't in school, nobody would ever see
us. Too enveloped in each other in my hotel room to care about anything
else. Which is why I asked him to come stay at my hotel with me, seeing
he was never at his own anyways. My girlfriend was soon departing back
to Wisconsin, making my room more than available for him. Enchanted
by his words and tender touch, the way he made love to me was again
like nothing 1 had experienced before. Even down to after sex as I had
been routinely instructed by Jeffrey to get up for a warm washcloth to
clean his genitals afterwards, he refused it, telling me I was no longer a
slave and that he didn't want me acting like one. He'd just rather lay
down together afterwards and repeat our sweet nothings with many
On our third night together with nothing but the bed sheets between us,
we had spent all night looking into each other's eyes sharing such an
undeniable passion for one another. In the deepest caverns of my heart I
knew this man would give me what I had never experienced
before...True love. We were still laying in each others arms when the
orange and pink sunrise began to rise slowly through the peak's of my
rooms windows, enticing me to come feel the freshness of the morning's
chill. Only the bed sheets were still wrapped around my body as I went
the balcony. It was overlooking the city in a valley surrounded by
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page625 of 648
123
124
I1 Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTILAL
GIUFFRE004256
• Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004257


continued to surprise me with his efforts to make me believe we were
more than just friends with a summer crush. " You see... your problem is
that you don't see what I am looking at right here in front of me, a
beautiful girl who is completely lost in a game that she has no control
over. Get out of it now, take my hand and follow me back to my home in
Australia." I heard what he had said but I found it hard to comprehend
what he was actually talking about. "What?" I asked him with a look of
confusion on my face. "Your nobody's property, you can do this. Marry
me." His statements got more and more profound as he went on.
Repeating the question he got on one knee and proposed again " Jenna, I
am in love with you and want to spend the rest of my life making you
happy. Please don't go back to him. I know that I am the only one for you
and I will always treat you right. He paused for another second and
repeated his question "Jenna, will you please marry me?" My hands fell
into my face after that and without even letting myself think through the
answer, 1 let my heart do all of the talking. Looking back up at him I said
"Yes!" I almost shouted the answer at him, as if saying it louder would
give the word more meaning. Wanting to believe him and everything that
he was saying felt like a vacation from all of the suffering and loneliness
that I had endured over a lifetime of abuse and degradation but knowing
out. I still had to believe in something better than what I was accustomed
too and here he was right smack dab in front of me.
Giggling at all of the lace and frills they were trying to dress me up in,
looking more like an antique porcelain doll than anything else I closed
my eyes and pictured the day that I thought would never come, starting to
imagine the kind of dress I would like to wear I envisioned a simple
sleekness, a complimentary figure hugging gown with a small train but
long enough to distinct it as an actual wedding dress. After we settled on
what we were going to wear for the big day, we would next have to
decide where we would hold the ceremony. Not before celebrating the
entire week beforehand though. We started our honeymoon early
celebrating every night spending our time between my hotel room and
sending our heads spinning on the dance floor at many different clubs.
Only with each other in sight, the dance floor was ours, we were out to
give each other something to remember each night by. I whispered all of
the things I couldn't wait to do him once we got back to the hotel room
and watching him heat up on the dance floor I was never able to get
enough of him driving me crazy. Like a thirst I was unable to quench, his
lips were like a fountain of deep springs that I could never reach the
ved like this before. so swept off my feet and unable to even think, ea
r do anything for that matter which would involve leaving the hote
room without him.
veryday after school would be my Robbie waiting to take me back t
e hotel room for another night's passionate rendezvous. but a fe
rection. Such adoration behind his looks.. cc
often ponder it to myself just hoping for the gamble I was taking to work
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page626 of 648
125
126
Di Copyright Protocted Matcrial
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004258
Copyright Protected Mate
NFIDENTI
GIUFFRE004259


until many years to come was " Have a good life!" With that statement he
slammed down phone receiver. Leaving only an echo of the dial tone to
answer back too. I was to paralyzed from the shocking response. "What
have I just done?" was the first thing that entered my thoughts.
Overwhelmed with guilt I felt like I was falling down a deep and dark
hole and then the tears began to flood in. Here I was standing at the dawn
of a new happy life for myself and I couldn't see past how bad I had let
Jeffrey down not yet seeing the hold he had on me.
Like my knight on a white horse, in came my hero to soothe my
somberness. He rushed over to the bed where I was beating myself up
mentally and wiped the falling tears from my cheeks. "I take it that it
didn't go so well... huh?" Sniffling through my sobs I managed to tell
him that "It doesn't matter anymore all 1 care about is you and leaving all
of that life behind me!" I wrapped my arms around him and he asked me
in a half joking voice "Then why are you crying?" He got me almost
laughing now too "I guess it's just so scary taking such a huge plunge
away from what I'm used too and taking such a big move to another
country. It's just all so different and I'm just trying to comprehend
everything that is happening in such a short time." Always out to lift my
spirits his next comments made me gush in laughter "You think that was
a hard phone call wait until I call my Sicilian mother! Watch this, I know
exactly what she'll say. First it'll be a saga about how I'm killing her with
my selfish actions then it'll be about how she's going to kill herself for
doing such a terrible job raising normal children. Don't worry though,
she'll love every second of it. Wogs thrive off of the drama in their lives
and off everybody else's for that matter!!" He was pretty much on the dot
when he told me how she'd react to the news. In the end after relentlessly
trying to change his mind, she sighed, "If it was going to be anybody to
do something as crazy as this, Robbie, it would be you!" It wasn't a
blessing as such but at least she wasn't threatening suicide any longer.
ling the closest of our tamilies the night before our wedding to sha
h them our announcement wasn't celebrated by any members of eit
sides but that didn't discern us one bit. My parents took it well,
nsiderine their only daughter was marrying a foreign man that th
n't know from the next duv on the street and too too it off I w
noving to Australia, permanently. When I asked my Dad many years
ater why they hadn't put up a fight, he just simply replied that nobod
expected it too last very long. Fair enough, I thought. I don't think
anyone did at first...even us at our toughest times. We were a rare
attribute these days in the numb era we have all been accustomed to
living in, turning nothing into something, which I had also come to
realize, was the most precious gift in life...Love.
Falling asleep was easy to do in his arms that night. I laid my head on
top of his chest listening to the drum of his beating heart. I had never felt
like I was more at home than ever before in my life. He pulled me gently
in closer to him, letting me know that he was there for me even when the
lights went out and the thoughts would usually creep in. Amazing how he
knew what I needed without even asking for it. Wishing for something
like this my whole life I thought I was being such a fool in so many ways,
but I was so wrong. The way his pretty eyes looked at me with such an
understanding and compassionate sincerity made me want to trust his
words and believe the love that he was offering me was indeed real.
The next morning, Robbie was up and out of bed early to pick up our
tailored wedding suits and dresses for our big day at Doi Cept Temple.
His best friend from high school days that was travelling with him from
Australia met him in the hotel lobby at seven o'clock. He was going to be
joining us for the wedding as Robbie's best man. He still hadn't been able
to find black shoes to go with the suit, so after he dropped off my dress
back to me he was off again to try and find himself a pair of decent
looking ones. Overjoyed with excitement I was thrilled from the second I
kissed Robbie good-bye for the last time before we were officially
married. Looking in the same mirror only a week ago I was now a
different person, I felt like I was plunging into a bottomless abyss. Here I
go, I thought to myself as I plunged out the door letting the butterflies in
my stomach carry me all the way to my nearly husband
1 had to go to the beauticians that morning for my pre- wedding makeup
and dressing. The ladies who were doing my hair and face at the salon did
a great job making me feel so beautiful for my special occasion that every
girl dreams about their whole entire life. Requesting simplicity at best,
127
128
Conwicht Peotected Matorial
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE0042G0
O Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page627 of 648


surrounded by the floral green carpet of mossy grass that covered the
earthly skyscraper and falling fog, it was like being carried to heaven or
le closest thing to it! Taking my eyes off the scenery and catching hir
doringly staring at me again, I welled up with unstoppable tears. "I ar
so lucky, is this really happening?" He squeezed my hands and replier
ack "You're the only one for me..I love you!" relieving the anxiet
written all over my tear stained face.
Chapter 22
Getting out of the carriage we were greeted by good fortune from the
Gods above. A sun shower cascaded over us at we advanced into the
whole life around and how I would dedicate my entire being to loving
him and only him until I blew my final breath.
I meant every word that I said to him, this was it for me, wanting
nothing more out of life than to be with someone like him to raise a few
kids together and grow old on the front porch letting the days fade us by.
I know it probably sounds boring to most and it would've to me as well
many years ago but after the life I had led, I had enough experience in the
such a sight had never been seen behind these religious walls, we became
a permanent icon at the temple. The ceremony was done in the Buddhist
customs according to their ancestral accordance, and translated for us in
our own language. Both Robbie and I were anointed with a blessing from
the monk with a splash of water and seven sacramental bracelets, each
one representing another meaning to the longevity of our union together.
We signed our names in the Buddhist wedding registry of Doi Cept
Temple and officially became Mr. & Mrs. Roberts at least officially in
our hearts knowing the laws of Australia only recognize certified
weddings, meaning when we got back to his homeland we'd have to
make a run for the courthouse. This was our real wedding though, perfect
down to every detail. Walking up to the highest point of the temple to the
balcony hanging over the edge of a cliff side over looking the city of
Chang-Mai, we knew we had found the perfect spot to recite our vows of
love to each other. Providing everything for me and more than I could
ever ask for, his vows were to love me unconditionally until death do we
part, shelter me from all the cruelty in the world that I was so accustomed
too and to be like the bear, because the bear never forgets. Tears once
again streamed down from my eyes as he made this moment
bouquet of Thailand's white wedding floras mixed with colorful orchids
to the screaming Thai women behind me and we were given one last
tradition to take with us, the release of caged doves. It was such an
incredible gesture, especially for me. Symbolizing their freedom as well
as mine I opened the cage's door to let them free to decide our own fates.
As the wings on the birds began to spread open and they took their final
decent into the blue skies granting themselves freedom I knew mine had
finally come too. The relevance of watching them fly away and how I had
perceived my own day of marriage related to the identical feeling of
fleeing an entrapment of my own kind. I was liberated from the bounds of
slavery I had come to know over the many years I had spent with my fair
share of greedy perverted old men only to have serendipity mend my
scars with the powerful healing of what true love has to endeavor on.
As customary in the romance novels 1 had read as a young girl he
picked me up in the hallway before our hotel suite and carried me over
the threshold, poufy dress and all. My arms were tightly squeezed around
his neck never once taking my eyes off of him until he revealed yet
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page628 of 648
129
130
U Copyright Protocted Matcrial
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004262
D Copyright Protected Material
CONDENTIAT.
GIUFFRE004263


profoundly in love with one another it was the ideal display of what the
"honeymoon period" should have to show for. It was crazy, young and
energetic, just what it should be between two blossoming lovers.
The following morning we left the Princess Hotel, no longer under any
of Jeffrey's financial privileges or control so to speak, continuing our
love spree in another dwelling of our own accord. Three days later when
we finally showed our face for the first time since checking in downstairs
in the new hotel lobby, besides to request fresh sheets and towels, the
entire staff of the hotel had a good laugh at our expenditure, from their
reaction it must've been nice to see a couple so affectionately fond of
Now we wanted to have another type of fun, Robbie had visited a
tourist agent by himself before we got hitched to book a honeymoon
itinerary for us to explore Thailand and beyond together, another surprise
he had in store for me. We left early in the morning and joined the
crowded bus for our journey beyond the border of Thailand to a village in
the war torn nation of Laos. When we got through the extremely armored
visa office eight hours off the beaten path, we then had to cross a flooding
river from a recent heavy downpour of rain in a slim banana boat that
looked like it could barely handle our weight let alone the excess of my
luggage that Robbie was so kind to trek around the world for me.
Unbelievably we did make it to the other side only to find that my
honeymoon in the tropics wasn't exactly how it had been explained to
me. Naked children ran through the dirty streets, with one boy that
decided to release his bladder on the pathway where we were walking as
we passed by him on the way to our hotel. My doubts of his choice in
destinations became apparent after that sight. Robbie was getting hungry
after we hadn't eaten the entire duration of the trip and being such a
de of the road he ordered some kind of seafood dish...daring I though
tling for some toast and iam. something safer I thought. Then I saw th
intentions but still recovering from old wounds. It was only natural and
important that we fought just as much as we made passionate love
together. Countlessly proving to one another the true intentions of each
other loves but sometimes in not so seemingly actions.
Finally arriving at the hotel it was like a scene out of a horror flick. We
were showed up to the room that looked like someone had been brutally
killed in. The bed sheets were torn apart and the bed was stained with
blood from some poor helpless victim. Nearly vomiting at the pure sight
of the room and the stench that accompanied it, I was now tearing at the
thought of even staying here for a single moment longer. "No way!" I
told my new husband and from the tone in my voice he knew I was
serious. Not that I was not denying the fact I have never been an outback
type of girl. I was fine with that impression, 1 am no snob but give me the
simple luxuries of a clean bed and a shower then I'll make myself at
home, but this was just the epitome of filth and even possibly an act of a
horrendous event but who knows, the lady who showed us to the room
seemed fine with it passing it off as a hooker on her period. In some ways
"Yuk.Okay Robbie it's time to go...now!" we
were heading back down hill back to the passport center declaring our
passage back into Thailand. Considering us a risk due to the short time
we spent crossing the border and back, the officials held us at gunpoint
while others rummaged through our luggage for drugs or whatnot.
Finding nothing of course they released us and stamped our passports,
making us good for another three months if we wanted. We were thankful
for escaping with our lives alone, although we had nothing to hide but
still an endearing experience nonetheless in the first days of our
Chapter 23
was my idea flow a noi day shally abi, of l vation, in the can i s, it,
like kings for the next six weeks. Making i
an adel way to overinger to proper forth act sited. Dancing inge
uls caring side that was trying to force me and to top it off he is Siciliar
ind they're all about eating so it was our first debate and now we were
follow. Two head strong and stubborn people both with the right
131
132
I1 Copyright Protccted Matcrial
CONFIDENTUAL
GIUFFRE004264
1 Copyright Protected Materi
ONFIDENTIA
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page629 of 648


wife and belonging to a husband like Robbie. Marriage was bliss for the
duration of our honeymoon until we had to ride coach on our way to
Bangkok Airport to fly out to Australia. Chatting away with always so
much to say to each other we watched a movie and finally got
comfortable leaning up against each other as pillows. We both fell asleep
on the long ride and when we woke up to the sound of the buses brakes
coming to a halt we initially realized my purse and Robbie's wallet with
all of our money and cards in it was missing. Stranded in the city of
Bangkok was frightening enough as it was but too make matters worse a
lady looking in her mid-seventies, scrawny and hunched over from an
obvious lack of nutrition lifted up her skirt to a passer-byer with a she-
male hanging off his arm and began smacking her vagına blaring out
"Look! No cock... Pussy, pussy! Only five baht" repeating herself many
times over the man just walked on past as she sat back down on the curb
waiting for the next alluring customer. Robbie and I shook our heads in
disgust and disbelief, things could really be that bad for someone, I would
know best as it wasn't far off the life Jetfrey had been training me up tor.
Completely broke at two o'clock in the morning and with no one to call
for help, I panicked right away. Robbie rubbed my back and his tired eyes
trying to make the situation better. Luckily we had made friends with
some really nice people from the resort on the island who gave us about
two thousand baht when they saw how devastated Robbie and I were
With just enough money to rent a really cheap room for the night at a
jackpackers hostel and pay for a taxi to the airport the following day, we
were saved.
and got on the phone immediately which sounded like a phone call to his
superiors but I couldn't tell since it was in another language. A brief
conversation but long enough to get me thinking, he then called over two
guards who took me by the arms and brought me into an empty room but
for a desk and three chairs to be interrogated. No one would tell me what
was going on they all just scattered around in frenzy, ignoring all of my
hysterical inquisitions. Leaving me by myself and alone with my thoughts
I couldn't help but panic even worse now.
This was a total bombshell of confusion on my part, what had I done
wrong? Minute's later a large-framed women in a green uniform entered
the room with the guards from before and sat down across from me with
a stern look in her eyes. She placed my documents on the desk in between
us. Not saying a word to me she was waiting for me to give her an
explanation for something.
"Can you please tell me what this is about,
have I done something wrong?" I asked her politely, trying to restraint
any animosity towards her. Her reply sounded as grim as she looked.
"You have been in Thailand for three months and now you have only a
one way ticket booked to Australia with no visa. What exactly are your
plans once you get there, Ms. Roberts?" To myself I wondered what
vas to her, don't people travel with one-way tickets all the
time? Knowing I was in no position to be able to say anything like that or
even at all I just gave in nicely and told her my intentions to travel over
loving arms. The trip was going well, sleeping the majority of the flight
until I had to change planes in the Philippines.
handing over my signed declaration and traveling documents to the
customs officer. Obtaining my passport he additionaliy asked to see my
departing ticket. No problem I thought, just I had done many of times.
and I handed over the requested information. The officer looked me over
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page630 of 648
133
134
• Copyright Protocted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004266
Copyright Protected Mate
INFIDENTI
GIUFFRE004267


my adrenaline was still pumping from the previous encounter with the
officials of the Philippines who had enough power to condemn me if they
had felt like it. I caught my plane in the knick of time and once I was
settled in my seat my thoughts went back to my dear Robbie and how
much I was missing him. I was just relieved that I was on my way to be
back with him again soon.
Looking out the window 1 could see the red earth beneath me. As I
landed for the last time I took notice of the first steps I walked off the
plane and onto a new soil for the first time. I had so much to be looking
forward too in my new homeland. In my heart I knew this was all I ever
wanted, this was going to be my haven. There was another surprise in
store for me when two elder strangers walked up to me and asked my
name. "Are you Jenna?" Nodding at their question they gave me their
first names and wrapped their arms around my neck. My new mother-in
law then said, " We are Robbie's parents. We wanted to be the first ones
who welcomed you to Australia and into our family" It was my in-laws
meeting me for the first time. Handing me some balloons and flowers
they even had gifts for their new daughter-in law. While waiting for
Robbie's plane to arrive we all chatted about many things like the flight
over from Thailand and the scare at the previous airport in the
Philippines. I asked them how they knew whom to look for? My father in
law laughed, saying recognizing me was easy from Robbie's detailed
taken a lot of hard work and doesn't come without its flaws but no matter
what it is just perfect for the two of us. He helped me how to remember to
smile again and life has slowly began to sort itself out. They say that time
heals all wounds but what I had experienced in my young years wasn't
nearly long enough to let all of the hurt go. Seeking help through many
counselors and psychiatrists I was doing everything I could do to deal
with the scars and all of the pain left behind. Completely off of any
pharmaceuticals, since the last day of our honeymoon, and healing my
heart with love instead of hate our marriage is my foundation and Robbie
is my solid rock. We have to be for one another, putting the bonds of our
union through the wringers and back, as neither of us expected my past
life eventually to come back and haunt me after so long.
Our blissful life came to a sudden halt one day when we were out
visiting my in-laws at their nearby house on just another plain afternoon.
There was a knock on the front door and my father in law got up from
watching TV on the couch to answer it. He rushed back quickly coming
into the dining room, where I was feeding my nineteen months and five
month old boys at the table, and he blurted out, "Jenna there are three
police officer's at the door asking for you by the name of Virginia
Roberts!" T asked my mother in law to stay with the babies to find out
what this was all about. I didn't even think it had anything to do with
to finally meet me compared how stressed she sounded in the
speaking that is, and I never have nearly a decade later.
Chapter 24
Iver the near decade we spent together, Robbie and I have shared the
ommon highs and lows that every determined marriage endures. It ha
Case 18-2868,
Document 278,
08/09/2019, 2628230, Page631 of 648
135
136
D Copyright Protccted Material
CONFIDENTIAL
GIUFFRE004268
Copyright Protected Mate
NFIDENTI
GIUFTRE004269


Pulling out my Australian drivers license from my wallet, I was going
to hand it over to them but they were sufficed at a quick glance. There
was no meet and greet, they went straight to the point. One agent picked
up a briefcase off the porch floor and opened it up taking out a stapled
stack of paper. Then that same agent asked me if I had ever known an
affiliate by the name of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein. All of the sudden my
stomach tangled in a familiar knot that I hadn't felt in many years from a
past life that I was trying to forget about. I nodded in affirmation of their
question and said "It was a long time ago and he's no longer an affiliate
of mine, but yes, I did know him once." It was shameful enough to think
about let alone talk about with them for the first time since I had started
my entire life over. His next response left me nothing short of speechless.
The United States Attorney's Office for the district of Florida was giving
me a notification of being an identified victim. Jeffrey was finally caught
for his atrocious acts of perversion on girls who were barely old enough
to even comprehend "the birds and the bees" so to speak.
On June 30" 2008, Jeffrey Epstein pleaded guilty for procurement of
minors to engage in and solicitation of prostitution. More than a dozen
girls had been named as victims of Jeffrey's federal offense's and without
ever stepping a day in court he was granted a plea bargain consenting to
charges that named him a registered pedophile for only two of the minor
irls. Getting away with even serving only twelve of the sentences
ighteen months behind bars be that in the evening alone and in the
norning he was released during the day. Restricted to the confinement of
is lavish mansion in Palm Beach only to be with his original sex slave
from over ten years ago, Nadia Marcinkova and Sarah Kellen, and
the house and went out to the back yard where I wanted a minute to
compose myself and process the information I had just been told. Robbie
followed behind me but the stillness in my eyes convinced him to give
me that moment to compile my emotions.
A few moments later and I was ready to talk. Collapsing into his arms
with such anguish, he just held me until my sobs subsided and I was able
to tell him what actually happened. Starting with an apology, I began to
tell him how I was so sorry but my troubled past has come back to plague
our simply sweet lives and was just about to turn it all upside down. He
was so understanding from the beginning of all this, telling me that he
will always be behind every choice that I make in mending the sorrows of
my tormenting past and there he has been through all of the thick and
Deciding to call the lawyers on the victim suit provided for me was a
big decision but one 1 had to do to seek the unanswered questions from
my battered heart. The two women at the firm that I spoke to treated me
so wonderfully, like long term friends they counseled me not only in the
terms of a lawsuit towards Jeffrey but also in the matters of being
emotionally and sexually abused. I chose to proceed with the lawsuit at
least to make a statement to a man that tried to make a degrading
statement about me so long ago. Now it was my turn, I had the choice to
turn the tables on him hoping he would feel embarrassed and in the
spotlight for everyone's entertainment where he had kept me for so many
Winning my lawsuit against him was not enough to heal old wounds, I
never got the chance to stand up in front of a jury and tell them how
much pain I had endured and still endure throughout the many nightmares
I face when darkness hits and the silence of the sleeping household fills
serving his time in incarceration.
o justice had been served for any of us victims. Denied the ve
institutional rights allegedly there to protect and serve us. We weren
I felt my knees go weak and the anxiety churning in my stomach was
now making me feel sick. Taking the bundle of paperwork from the agent
old tricks, I had to do something now. Not being able to sit by any longer
Case 18-2868,
Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page632 of 648
137
138
1 Copyright Protected Material
CONFIDENTIAL
CIUFFRE004270
1 Copyright Protected Materia
CONFIDENTIAI
GIUFERE004271


with the knowledge of being able to help out in some way. I had to tell
my story no matter how shameful it was to even speak about. Putting my
shame aside I had to derive every bit of courage I could sustain and now I
am ready to tell it. The hardest lesson I had failed at learning until later
on in my life became my strength, the belief in my inner voice and the
ability to speak up. I do have a voice and now the world is going to hear
it in my whispered cries for justice. Swept away by a surge of media with
one phone call I sent Jeffrey's publicist into frenzy. Not to mention the
release of the photos showing the first night that Prince Andrew and I
shared together that I so happened to unveil for the public to see.
I spent too much of my life going out of my mind waiting for the
rescue that never came until it was too late and then the scars were
already imbedded deeply within. Thankfully I am now free from the
struggles that nearly destroyed the love inside of my heart. I only wish it
could be the same for the other victims, not just of Jeffrey's inflictions
but every person who has ever suffered at the hands of another.
I'm here to tell you from my own experience that the moon is yours if
that's what you want, all you have to do is stand up and take it. If some
girl off the streets of Florida, like me, can stand up against the tyrants that
nin the deep pockets of our world, than anyone can. Just like I needed to
believe that someone stood up for me once like Robbie did long ago, I
now stand up for us. For all of us girls, the ones who are still on the
streets and think they don't deserve better or it's an unachievable dream
to be entitled to more out of life. For all of the beautiful girls who don't
see beyond they're outside appearance. For all the girls still trapped in
enslavement and unable to get out of the abuse that holds them down. But
most of all, I stand up for every girls belief in love, because it is the very
savior of my spirit and soul.
The End
Written and Illustrated by Virginia Roberts
Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page633 of 648
139
140
Copyright Protocted Mater
NFIDENTI
GIUFFRE004272
1 Copyright Protected Mate
NFIDENTI
GIUFFRE004273


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page634 of 648
141
Copyright Protected Mat
NFIDENTI
GIUFFRE00421


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page635 of 648
EXHIBIT LL


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page636 of 64‹
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
In compliance with Chapter 617, F.S., (Not for Profit)
ARTICLE I
NAME
The name of the corporation shall be:
Victims Refuse Silence, Inc.
ARTICLE I PRINCIPAL OFFICE
Principal street address:
425 North Andrews Ave.
Suite 2
Mailing address, if different is:
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
ARTICLE I PURPOSE
Victims Refuse Silence, Inc. is organized exclusively for charitable and
The purpose for which the corporation is organized is:
educational purposes including, for such purposes, the making of distributions to organizations that qualify as exempt
organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, or the corresponding section of any future federal tax
code. The corporation is organized to provide assistance to victims of sexual abuse as well as victims of human trafficking.
Upon the dissolution of Victims Refuse Silence, Inc., assets shall be distributed for one or more exempt purpose within
the meaning of section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, or corresponding section of any future federal tax
code, or shall be distributed to the federal government, or to a state or local government, for a public purpose.
ARTICLE IV
MANNER OF ELECTION The manner in which the directors are elected and appointed:
The manner in
which the directors are elected or appointed is provided in the bylaws of the Corporation.
ARTICLE V
INITIAL OFFICERS AND/OR DIRECTORS
Name and Title: Virginia Roberts, Director
Name and Title:
Address
425 North Andrews Ave.
_ Address:
Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
Name and Title: Bradley J. Edwards, Director
_ Name and Title:_
Address
425 North Andrews Ave.
_ Address:
Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
Name and Title: Brittany N. Henderson, Director Name and Title:
Address
425 North Andrews Ave.
_ Address:
Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
0324:
14
DEC 23
PM 12: 25
FILED
GIUFFRE001063


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page637 of 648
Name and Title:
Address
Name and Title:
• Address:
Name and Title:_
Address
Name and Title:
_ Address:
ARTICLE VI REGISTERED AGENT
The name and Florida street address (P.O. Box NOT acceptable) of the registered agent is:
Name:
Bradley J. Edwards
Address:
425 North Andrews Ave., Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
..=.
14
DEC 23
FILED
ARTICLE VII
INCORPORATOR
The name and address of the Incorporator is:
Name:
Brittany N. Henderson
Address:
425 North Andrews Ave., Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
Having been named as registered agent to accept service of process for the above stated corporation at the place designated in this
certificare, I amfamiliar with and accept the appotntment-as registered agent and agree to act in this capacity
12-17-14
Required Signature of Registered Agent
Date
I submit this document and affirm that the facts stated herein are frue. I am aware that any false information submitted in a document
10 the Depurment of State constitutes a third degree felony as provided for in s.817.155, F.S.
12|17|14
Date
GIUFFRE001064


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page638 of 648
2015 FLORIDA NOT FOR PROFIT CORPORATION AMENDED ANNUAL
FILED
Apr 22, 2015
DOCUMENT# N14000011657
Secretary of State
Entity Name: VICTIMS REFUSE SILENCE, INC.
CC7801725405
Current Principal Place of Business:
425 NORTH ANDREWS AVE., SUITE 2
FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301
Current Mailing Address:
425 NORTH ANDREWS AVE., SUITE 2
FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301
FEl Number: 47-2627774
Name and Address of Current Registered Agent:
EDWARDS, BRADLEY J
425 NORTH ANDREWS AVE., SUITE 2
FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 US
Certificate of Status Desired: Yes
The above named entity submits this statement for the purpose of changing its registered office or registered agent, or both, in the State of Florida.
SIGNATURE:
Electronic Signature of Registered Agent
Officer/Director Detail :
Title
PRESIDENT, DIRECTOR
Name
GIUFFRE, VIRGINIA L
Address
425 NORTH ANDREWS AVE., SUITE 2
City-State-Zip:
FORT LAUDERDALE FL 33301
Title
Name
Address
SECRETARY, DIRECTOR
HENDERSON, BRITTANY N
425 NORTH ANDREWS AVE., SUITE 2
City-State-Zip: FORT LAUDERDALE FL 33301
Date
Title
Name
Address
City-State-Zip:
VP, DIRECTOR
GARVIN, MARGARET A
425 NORTH ANDREWS AVE., SUITE 2
FORT LAUDERDALE FL 33301
I hereby certify that the information indicated on this report or supplemental report is true and accurate and that my electronic signature shall have the same legal effect as if made under
oath; that I am an officer or director of the corporation or the receiver or trustee empowered to execute this report as required by Chapter 617, Florida Statutes; and that my name appears
above, or on an attachment with all other like empowered.
SIGNATURE: BRITTANY N HENDERSON
DIRECTOR
Electronic Signature of Signing Officer/Director Detail
04/22/2015
Date
GIUFFRE001065


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page639 of 648
EXHIBIT MM


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page640 of 648
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
CASE NO: 15-cv-07433-RWS
VIRGINIA I. GIUFFRE,
Plaintiff.
-VS-
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Defendant.
/
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
Thursday, September 8, 2016
8:53 a.m. - 10:30 a.m.
VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF BRITTANY HENDERSON
Taken before Rinat Katz, Reporter, a Notary
Public for the
State of Florida at Large, pursuant
to Notice of Taking Deposition filed in the above-
styled cause.
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page641 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
APPEARANCES:
On Behalf of the Plaintiff:
BOEIS, SCHILLER & FLEXNER, P.A.
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
Smccawley@bsfllp.com
BY: SIGRID MCCAWLEY, ESQUIRE
On Behalf of the Plaintiff and Victims Refuse
Silence, Inc.:
FARMER JAFFE WEISSING EDWARDS FISTO LEHRMAN
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
(954) 524-2820
Brad@pathtojustice.com
BY: BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, ESQUIRE
On Behalf of the Defendant:
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN
150 East 10th Avenue
Denver, Colorado 80203
(303) 831-7364
Jpagliuca@hmflaw.com
BY: JEFFREY PAGLIUCA, ESQUIRE
Also Present:
Ryan Kick, Videographer
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page642 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
INDEX OF PROCEEDINGS
VIDEO DEPOSITION OF BRITTANY HENDERSON
Direct Examination by Mr. Pagliuca
Certificate of Oath
Certificate of Reporter
Witness Letter
Errata Sheet
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
NUMBER
Exhibit 1
Exhibit 2
Exhibit 3
Exhibit 4
Exhibit 5
Exhibit 6
Exhibit 7
Exhibit 8
DEFENDANT'S EXHIBITS
DESCRIPTION
Amended NOD
Motion to Quash Composite
Bates Stamped 01 - 064
Bates Stamped 064 - 091
Articles of Incorporation
Bank Statements
2015 Annual Report
2016 Annual Report
(Exhibits Retained by the Court Reporter)
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES
Page 3
PAGE
4
73
74
75
76
PAGE
14
20
31
32
36
41
62
62


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page643 of 648
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Page 17
she has continued to try and promote Victims Refuse
Silence at every possible chance she gets with - the
story she told me was that someone had come to her
door, knocked on the door, selling something or talking
about something totally different, and she explained
what our mission was and tried to get them to, then,
go
and spread the word for victims of human trafficking,
as well.
And this would be in Australia this
conversation occurred?
A
Correct.
Okay. To your knowledge, is VRS incorporated
in any fashion in the country of Australia?
A
It is not.
To your knowledge, does VRS have any website
presence in Australia?
A
I believe that the internet works everywhere,
so I would say yes, because, if you Google Victims
Refuse Silence, we do have a website. So I would
imagine that that's something that would come up in
Australia.
Okay. Other than the somebody knocking at
her door, that conversation, did she report to you
anything else that she has done on behalf of Victims
Refuse Silence in the last year, let's say?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page644 of 648
Page 18
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
MR. EDWARDS: Objection --
THE WITNESS: During this telephone
conversation --
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
Yes.
A
-- or in general?
During this telephone conversation?
A
She did explain that, when she goes to her
kids' schools and when she is out, she tries to promote
the organization, as well, and just talk to people, and
general awareness and understanding to raise -- for
issues of human trafficking, yes.
And did she report anything else to you
during this phone conversation?
A
During this particular conversation?
Yes.
A
No.
Okay. Then, you indicated that you reviewed
your file for all the paperwork, and we'll talk about
the documents produced in this case in a moment.
Can you tell me, other than what has been
produced as part of the response to subpoena issued to
VRS, what other documents are in the file that you
reviewed?
A
I have saved every piece of mail that has
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page645 of 648
Page 27
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
"publication," would be the Facebook page; correct?
A
In addition to the website, yes.
Okay. Number 11, documents relating to all
appearances. As I understand it, there are no
documents that exist that comply with this request;
correct?
A
Correct; to my knowledge.
Do you know, has anybody on behalf of VRS
made a public appearance on behalf of VRS?
A
I believe that there was a scheduled
appearance, yes, one.
And when was that?
A
I honestly don't know when that took place.
I would imagine in the beginning of 2015.
And do you know who was scheduled to appear
in the beginning of 2015?
A
Ms. Giuffre.
And do you know where she was scheduled to
appear?
A
I believe in New York with ABC.
And that would have also been with Mr.
Edwards and Ms. McCawley; is that correct?
A
I believe so, yes.
And in fact, she did go to ABC and give a
taped interview, correct?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page646 of 648
Page 28
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
MS. MCCAWLEY: Objection.
THE WITNESS: It's my understanding, yes.
BY MR. PAGLIUCA:
• Okay. Is it your understanding that that was
on behalf of VRS?
I do not believe her appearance there was
made on behalf of VRS, but I do believe that - I know
that she wanted to promote the charity, so that we
could start helping people and that she could start
getting her mission out to the public.
Okay. Number 12, all contacts received by
VRS through its website, or otherwise, to schedule -- I
think it should say "an event," and "and event."
There are none of those, as I understand it?
A
No, that is not correct. We produced a --
yes, we did produce something to you. I'm not sure
what the Bates Stamp number is, but it was a contact
received by another victim of sexual assault who had
reached out to the organization.
An email, I think it's in December of 2015,
maybe; is that what you're referring to?
I believe -- I'm not sure of the date. I
A
guess.
We'll look at it. And that would be the only
contact received by VRS; is that correct?
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page647 of 648
Page 72
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
CERTIFICATE OF OATH
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF BROWARD
I, Rinat Katz, Reporter, Notary Public, State
of Florida, certify that BRITTANY HENDERSON
personally appeared before me on the 8th day of
September, 2016, and was duly sworn.
Signed this 22nd day of September, 2016.
16
Gnat kTA
Rinat Katz, Reporter
Notary Public, State of Florida
Commission No.: FF4576
Commission Expires: 04-03-2017
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES


Case 18-2868, Document 278, 08/09/2019, 2628230, Page648 of 648
Page 73
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER
STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF BROWARD
I, Rinat Katz, Reporter, certify that I was
authorized to and did report the deposition of
BRITTANY HENDERSON, that a review of the
transcript was requested; and that the transcript
is a true and correct record of my stenographic
notes.
I further certify that I am not a relative,
employee, attorney, or counsel of any of the
parties, nor am I a relative or employee of any of
the parties' attorneys or counsel connected with
the action, nor am I financially interested in the
action.
Dated this 22nd day of September, 2016.
Gnat kTA
Rinat Katz,
Reporter
22
23
24
25
MAGNAO
LEGAL SERVICES

