



COMPOSITE ЕХНІВІТ 2


Abou Got
Login
anted.
M obs
MILL R
CHEVALIER


COVINGTON
COVINGTON & DURLING LLP
Recognized for its Leading
White Collar Crime and
Anti-Corruption Practices by
Chambers and Legal 500
Decisions about iho, is tere andli t
to prosecure love alway been and
miest remain--ch re purs illity of lo
recutive branch " Attorney General
Eric Holder discussing pressure from
members of Congress to prosecute
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed before u
military commission rather than in


Prosecutors Violated Crime Victims' Rights Act
art
2, 2011 11:52 am
Printable Version
contend they were assaulted by billionaire and
Rights/Reprints
pateln filed court papers on Monday claiming the
ated the Crime Victims' Rights Act by signing a nonprosecution agreement with Epstein
m Beach Daily News reported
Epstain served 13 months in jail from June 2008 to July 2009 for one state count of soliciting
an underage girl for prostitution As a rasult, he is required to register as a sex offender While
he wasn't prosecuted for additional charges more than 40 girls under the age of 18 say they
came to his home and gave him massages During the massages, thay say he masturbated
and sexualy assaulted them
pstein (a
Brad Edwards and Paul Cassall, attomeys representing two of his alleged victims, say in
the filing that the US Attomey's office for the Souther District of Florida of dellberately
misled the victims by telling them there was an ongoing investigation Into their claims
However they say, the office was concealing the fact that they already had signed a
tion deal with Epstain
ding to the motion, the US. Attorney's office in January 2008 and May 2008 sent "false notfication" latters in to
in's alleged victims saying "(t)his case is currently under investigation" Howaver the office had signed the agreement
-pstain In September 2007
attorneys want a court hearing during which they will ask that the agreement be inval dated because it violated the
18' rights In the motion the attorneys claim the agreement is egal because the goverment did not protect the
gressionally mandated rights of victims before it entered this agreement."
dge grants the request, Epstein could be charged by the US Altomey's office the were charged and convicted on
al charges, he could be sentenced to 10 years to iife for each charge
ding to the motion, "The only reason that the (US Altomey's office) concealed the existence of the non-prosecution
ament from the victims was not to comply with some legal restriction but rather to avold a firastorm of public
yversy that would have erupted if the sweetheart plea deal with a politically connected billionaire had been revealed "
1 Valle, special counsel for the US Altoray's Office Southem District of Florlda in an emall to the newspaper that the
Attorney's office will respond in court filings
aver, as we stated more than two years ago in July 2008 In our response to the plaintiffs then-emergency petition for
cement of the Crime Victm Rights Act, the CVRA was not violated because no federal charges were ever filed in the
em District of Florlds," Valle said "Because the matter remains pending in court, it would be inapproprate at th s time
ivide additional comment on the merits of the current motion •
ATEN DACTE


Attorneys Say Miami Prosecutor vi ated Crime victims kignts ACt | main Justice
• GOTIATING WITH THE DOJ:
STRA EGIES FOR OPTIMAL RESULTS
FREE Webinar - Wed., April 13
Tipe?
or glater
JUSTICE
BRACEWELL
&CIULIANI
Search


Providing clients with proven
experience and innovative solutions
to complex compliance and
enforcement issues inside the
Beltway and around the globe.
Miller & Cherulior Chattered
multarcheraler com


ANTI CORRUFTION
orneys Say Miami
row|M h2
ase altomays for two girls who
cted sex offender Jaffrey E
IU.S Attorney's office viol
ut notifying them, the Pal


U.S. ATTORNEYS CHART (Interactivo)
Track leadership changes In the 93 U.S Attorncy
officos, with Bush holdovars and Obama
candidatos


JUSTICE
ITICS POLICY AND THE LAW


http //w
ww.mainjustice.com/2011/03/22/attorneys-say-mlaml prosecutors violated-crime-victims' rights act/




EM
Lawyers with
DOJ Experience


ETE
ername
GO
JUST


฿•* •••
JOBS


THURSDAY APRIL O7 2011
It c T LIs
Remember me




4/7/11 1 38 PM


ephi nie Wood


MAIN
= 5757


Page 1 of 2






Attorneys Say Miaml Prosecutors Violated Crime Victims' Rights Act | Main Justice
TILUTENIN
ama To Tap Non Profit Head For DOJ Crime Victims Post
wmakers Bemoan Lack of Funding For Victims' Rights
seculor Who Violated Rights of Islamic Groups by Accident is Now U.S Allorney
mocratic Donor Violated Spirit of Elect on Laws, LA Prosecutors Say
deral Proseculors Violated Laws, Elhics Rules in 201 Cases Since 1998, Study Finds
4 7/11 1 38 PM
Jo rei court
ILDER POST
enz Asks States to Help Enforce ARA Protections for
dudents
NEWER POST
Eacino Hiring Frooze, Kansas U,S. Altomer Wants More
LAWYOME
nents are closed.
Associato Altorney Goneral Tom Parralil Speaks al
the Departmont of Educationd 94s Gender-Based
Violenca Summit
Comyerso Technology INC. Agrees to Pay ST.Z
million Penalty lo Rosolvo vtolationa of tho
Forelgn Corrupt Practices Act
Attorey Gonoral Erlc Holder Speaks at National
Acilon Networhi& &s 131h Annual Convantion
Shenandoah, Pennsylvania, Man Sentated for
Involvernant in the Fatal Beating of Lula Ramirez
Now vertoy Wostawator Treatment and Chamical
Supply Company and Owner sentencod for Thair
Role In Fraud Conspiracy
Avasion Doctor and Husband Charged with Tax
Tax Dofendant Indicted for Filing False Lions for
Billions of Dollars Against Federal Law
Enforcemant
JGC Corporation Resalves Foralgn Corrupt
Practices Aci Invostigalion and Agroos to Pay a
S21å.i Milllon Criminal Penalty
Attorney General Eric Holder Spoaks at National
Forum on Youth Violanco Prevention Summit
Five Incividuals Indicted for Alleged Roles In
scheme lo Doiraud Program Providing Matching
Funds Contributtons to Non-Profit Organization


Department of Justice
House Judiciary Committoo
Office of Govamment Ethics
Office of Legal Counsel
Office of Profossional Responsiblity
Senate Judiciary Committee


http://www.malnjustice.com/2011/03/22/attorneys-say-mlaml-prosecurors-vlolated crime-victims' rights-act/


no / About | Advertiso | Jobs | Privacy Policy | Torms of Uso


JUSTICE DEPARTMENT NEWS
RELEASES


Copyright • 2011 WDC Modia LLC


Governient Siles


Page 2 of 2


82°
241
wall-
TOWN OF PALM REACH
1911 CENTENNIAL - 2011
Dian
MOST REC
LBUMS


Home > Palmi Beach News
Attorneys want Jeffrey Epstein agreement thrown out
day Apnl
By MICHELE DARGAN
DA Y NEW STAFF WR
Updated 941 .m Wednesday March 23, 2011
Pled led72 pm Monday March 21.2011
Gull ott go l
ics
Women s
ilm Festival
y in upp r
ers
y pup & ev sit
ters in Pa m
Share | Larger Typo
Court papers filed Monday say the U.S Altorney's Office violaled
the Crime Vict ms' Rights Act by signing a nonprosecution
agreement with sex offender Jefrey Epstein without notilying his
victims
t Midtown
Attorneys Brad Edwards and Paul Casse I, representing Jan Doe
#1 and Jane Doe #2 want a court hearing where they wil ask
the agreement be inva idated be use they say, the vi ms righ
were violated i that happens it could
Pam Beach bi lonaire to a slew of fed
crimes with minors that were set asid
The motion filed Monday in federal co
accuses the U S Attorney's Office o
victims by telling them the investigat
concea ing they had already s gned
According to the motion, the US Al
notilication letters in January 2008
saying (t)his case is currently unde
government had signed the agreem
2007
"The only reason that the (US Alto
existence of the non prosecutio ag
not to comply wth some lega re tric
firestorm of public controversy that w
sweetheart pea dea with a po itical
revealed the motion says
If Epstein were found guilty on federa
nged from 10 years to life
nslead the sealed pact was part an
cceplance of a state plea dea whe
entence for so ic ling a minor for pr
ostitution He served 13 months
a county stockade and was let out
ek for up to 16 hours a day
ards and other attorneys fo ght
ssfu y gelting the agreement u
than 30 m nor gi s were dent
• Site
Web


tha
cti
open up the 50-year-o d
eral charges involving sex
e by the agreement.
urt in West Palm Beach.
f deliberately misleading the
ion was ongoing while
a deal with Epstein
tomey's Orice sent lal e
and May 2008 to the v ctims
r investigation after the
ent wth Epstein in september
mey's Office concealed the
reement from the v tims was
tion but rather to avoid a
oud have erupled if the
ly connected bi ionaire had been
1 & Clickhereforthul te es at
Find us on Facebook
Palm Beach Daily News
LIke
2,413 peopl like Palm Beach Dally News
Jackie
Todd
I charges, statutory penalties
d parcel of Epstein s
re he received an 18-month
ostitution and soliciting
segregated in a vacant wing of
on work re ease six days a
Karen
al plugin
TA
pr
th
we
Edw
succe
More
pact
in court for a year before
nsealed in September 2009
ified as Epsle n s victims in the
The Palm Basch
opora
Tho 5
oty of tho
Fout Art beno
Pant
http//www.palmbeachdailynews.com/news/attorneys want jeffrey epstein-agreement thrown out 1338111.html
Page 1 of 3


PALM BEACH ESTATE
*=l16
17-r.
La Puerta Way, Palm Beach
usitely dosiqned Mediterrancan Palm Beach
ed estate.» Mürc Detarts
corcoran.com


LATE TNE
Today Thurs
2011
Talk at Soa
focus on genom
Palm Beach
Intemallonal F
ebuls Thursda
men filmmak
Day Academ
otablo charac
each lustory
Gov Scott a
Beach 'Give me the list, he
tolls officials about beach
concerns
+ -
mail
Print
ITE
ca


Register ris i aige In IE-el prelegences
Polm Beach, FL
H: B4° L: 71°
FOTCAsI| SEl LocalOH
itiminitn,,itimüni"
-rombisd. t.
"- thin, -
Subaribe
FASH ON
OGITUARIES
OPINION
Rrintt
LIFESTYLES
CLASSIFIEDS
HOME & LOGGIA
REAL ESTATE
SHINY SHOTS
DINING
SPECIAL, SECTIONS
BLOGS
ADVERTISE


Li HAYULT.
Diningi Director
PalmBeaćhDailyNews.com


Attorneys want Jeffrey Epsteln agreement thrown out


Г.,
Thuraday, Аргі 7, 2011
HOME
NEWS
SOCIETY
CONTACT US


-


BEARCH
Web Search by YAHDO1


Gahartans
Jamm
Facebook 1DC
EN






4/7/11 1 37 PM




• i st
s!


BUSINESS
ARTA




Actorneys want Jeffrey Epstein agreement thrown out
r-++
Doe 1 and 2, who were 14 and 13 respectively, at the time of the
incidents, received monetary settlements in civil cases. They are
among more than iwo-dozen underage girls who filed lawsuits or
settied claims against Epstein, alleging they were lured 1o his Palm
Beach mansion to give him sexual y charged massages and/or sex
in exchange for money.
The motion filed Monday says the agreement is illegal because the
government did not protect the "Congressionally mandated rights of
victims before it entered this agreement."
Alicia Valle, special counsel for the U.S. Attorney's Office Southern
District of Florida, said in an e-mail that the U.S. Altomey s Office
will respond in court filings.
"However, as we stated more than two years ago in July 2008 in our
esponse to the plaintiffs' then-emergency petition for enforcement
f the Crime Victim Rights Act, the CVRA was not violated because
o federal charges were ever filed in the Southem District of
Florida.
." Valle said.
"Because the matter remains pending in court, it
ould be inappropriate at this time to provide additional comment on
e merits of the current motion."
e attorneys reference e-mails and letters from the federal office to
Epstein's lawyers acknowledging the government's legal obligation
o inform victims about the pact. The e-maits are redacted in the
otion because they are under seal. The attorneys filed a separate
otion Monday to unseal the correspondence.
e reasonable inference from the evidence is that the U S
ttorney's Office wanted to keep the agreement a secret to avoid
ntense criticism that would surely ensued had the victims and the
ublic learned that a billionaire sex offender with politica
connections had arranged to avoid federal prosecution for numerous
felony sex offenses against minor girls," the motion says "As part of
this pattern of deception, the U.S. Attomney's Office discussed victim
notification with the defendant sex offender and, after he raised
objections, stopped making notifications."
Epstein sought "a higher level of review" within the Department of
Justice the motion says "A reasonab e inference from the evidence
s that Epstein used his sign ficant po tica and social connections to
obby the Just ce Department to avo d significant federa
prosecution the motion states


ADVERTISE
SERVICES
Subscriber Sarvicer
Help & FAQ
Locatone
Reprinia
Statt
Privacy Policy
About Us
Vinitor Agreement
Sudarba
REAL ESTATE
aPECLL dECTIOND
Pair Beach LIfe
Hone & Loppla
Automative & Yncht
Slowcase
Visitors' Guido
Hurricane Gulde 2010
Chamber of Commercu
Newsletter


http://www.palmbeachdailynews.com/news/attorneys want jeffrey epsteln agreement thrown out 1338.11.html


SOCIETY
dar
9oc al Calondor
FASHION
Fartion Colonior
OPINION
Local Voltes
Lettara to tha Editor
Submit a Latter
WEATHER
SPORTS
WEF
BUSINESS
BLOGS
COLUMHIST-


NEtTO
Raliglon
Archivae
ProfiloPalmBeach
Madol
Spuciol Raportu
Foun Courcl
Feral Cala
PlazE
Reach •
Hoallh


ARTO
Arts Calendar
DBITUARIES
LFESTYLES
Announcamenla
Food
Worth Avenue
Pets




- EE
F
4 - a


Commonts are closed


COMMENTS


4/7/11 1 37 PM
M r


Sharo this articlo.


Page 2 of 3




Copyright © Thu Apr 07 13.33 34 EDT 2011 All rights reserved By using PalmBeachDailyNews com, you accept the terms of our visitor agreement Pleaso read I
Contacl PalmBoachDailyNows.com | Privacy Pollcy | About our ads
EDIA l


http//www.palmbeachdallynews.com/news/attorneys-want jeffrey epsteln agreement thrown out 1358111.html


Attorneys want Jeffrey Epstein agreement thrown our


4/7/11 1 37 PM


Page 3 or 3


-


News Reports about Billionaire Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Highlight the Importance of Vi.
Page 1 of 3
BRIEFINGWIRE
A Free Press Release Websilo
Briefing Search
Koyword:
Calagury'
[Clear |
Search|
Join Login
Author Details
Submit Your Press Reloase
Biz Directory
ESS Feed D
SEO Ting
Questions?
• SINTRE
News Reports about
Billionaire Pedophi e Jeffrey
Epstein Highlight the
Importance of Victims Rights
Hundreds of news articles have reported
billionaire pedoph le Jettrey Epste
close relationship with Bril nsPr ce
Andrew Altomey Brad Edwards as
pursued victim rights cases on beha f of
ten women who were sexua y mo ested
by Epstein
Ask a Lawyer Online Now
12 Lawyers Are Online.
Current Wait T me: 14
Minutes
Lily JustAnsw rc M
Actly Google
Find a Lawyer - Free
Free, Contident a
Lawyer Locator. Save
Time - Descr be Your
Case Now!
www Laya Mat Ic
Ask a Lawyer Online
Now
27 Lawyers Onl ne
Now Answer Your
Quest ons In M nutes
eArswe con/Lilw
sexual Abuse
Allegations
We wrote the book on
defending false
molestat on
allegations
www /alscAbuse cm
LocaL 1-Day
SQUDOnE
Up to 90% Off the
Best Stuff To Do!
Restaurants, Spas,
Events and More.
www.LivugSocial.com
Ihe Diana Screen
Employment screen ng
tool. Help prevent
child molestatlon
dianascrcen.com
Adaby Google
EnalingWiro com. 3/08/2011 - Contact
Farmer Jalfe Wessing Edwards Fslos
& Lehrman, P.L.
(954) 524 2820
Kim Sale BARD Market ng/PR
(561) 637-2575
For Lauderda e, FL -- In the last week
hundreds of news artlo es have reported
billionaire pedophi e Jeffrey Epslein s
close relal onship with Britains Prince
Andrew Allorney Brad Edwards has
pursued vict m rights cases on behalf of
len women who, between 12 and 15
years of age were sexually molested and
abused by Epstein The sto ies of the r
abuse have a l the trapp ngs of a
Hollywood movie, ncluding posh selt ngs
EXHIBIT


http://www.briefingwire.com/viewBriefing.aspx?id=24907




ainting con








News Reports about Billionaire Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Highlight the Importance of Vi...
Page 2 of s
at Epstein's Palm Beach Mansion, private
Caribbean island and his jet. But
Epstein's heinous sexual abuse of these
victims is no fiction.
Edwards succassfully represented these
women, oblaining Justice for each of
them, by proving that Epstein and his
International sex trafficking criminal
enterprise exploited them and hundreds
of other underage girls.
This recent wave of news coverage
Highlight the importance of the victims
rights work that Altornay Edwards does
on behalf of victims of sexual molestatlon
and other sexual abuse. Edwards
conducts extensive Investigations and
pursues civil lawsuits against sexual
predators to protect the rights of his
victim clients and to hold sexual
predators, like Epstein, accountable.
Many sexual predators, like Epsteln, are
wealthy and powerful and able to focus
vast resourcas and high profile legal
teams in an altempt to deflect attention,
avold criminal liability, and deny Justice lo
their victims. Speaking of his work on the
Epsteln cases, Edwards says "we took on
powerful people and sought to level the
playing field to protect victims."
Representing these women has made
Edwards aware that child sexual abuse is
extremely prevalent. According to a U.S.
Health and Human Services study, more
than 83,000 substantiated raports of
sexually abused children were made in
2005 alone. The actual number of
incldents of sexual abuse Is likely much
higher because it is believed that sexuai
abuse, especially amongst chlldren, Is
significantly underreported.
Edwards hopes that the media altention
focused on Epstein's sexual abuse will
"inspire victims to report these crimes"
and will convey his balief "that victims
rights cases can effectively prolect their
rights, maintaln thelr anonymily, and hold
predalors accountablo."
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos
& Lehrman, P.L, a Fort Lauderdale
Litigalion firm, focuses on Consumer
Class Actions, Sexual Abuse Cases as
well as other significant Personal Injury,
Wrongful Death, and Whislleblower Suits
(qui tam). The firm is headquartered at
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2, Fort


http://www.brietingwire.com/viewBrieting.aspx7id=24907


5/2/2011




News Reports about Billionaire Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Highlight the Importance of Vi.. Page 3 of 3
Lauderdale, Florida 33301 and may ba
reached at (800) 400-1098 or (954) 524-
2820 Additlonal nformatlon about Brad
Edwards or Farmer Jaffe, Welssing
Edened remine frans webeite may be
www pathtojustice com.


FAQs | Contact Us | Terma & Conditions /
Prlvacy Policy
$ 2009 BrlefingWire LLC


http://www.briefingwire.com/viewBriefing.aspx?id=24907


5/2/2011


PalmBeachDaily News
alm beach Daily New
ELECTRONIC EDITIO


Palm seach Dally News: Archives
4/7/11 135 PN
etuis tas
NaTrE
PON ST YAHOO!
eWS
Shiny Sheet
w 1
Electronic Edition Now Available!
Click Here To Subscribe
Re
Classifieds
Advertise
Real Estate
Automotive
En prinl l is pa
New Sea
About your archives purchase:
Your purchase of 20 articles expires on 04/07/2011 4:22 PM
You have viewed 3 aricles and have 17 artices remaining
Palm Beach Dally Nows (FL)
JUDGE RECEIVES EPSTEIN TAPE
RULING PENDING
MICHELE DARGAN, Dally News Staff Writer
Published May 5, 2010
NEW YORK -- A Manhattan federal judge Tuesday took into custody a tape-recorded conversation
between veteran newspaper reporter George Rush and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein
But U S D strict Judge Lawrence M. McKenna reserved ruling on whether the recording will be released to
altoreys representing young women who ware sexuaily abused by Epstain as minors. McKenna didn't
listen to the recording during the hearing. Fort Lauderdale atomey Brad Edwards and Utah attomey and
law professor Paul Cassell are fighting to obtain the 22-minute tape on behalf of Epstein victm Jane Doe
She has filed one of a dozen pending c/vil cases In federal court In West Palm Beach against Epstein.
A status check is set for Thursday in those cases before U.S. District Judge Kenneth Marra.
Doe could have settled the lawsult for $50,000 but is asking for $50 millon In damages, Cassell said
Tuesday. "Jane Doe was repeatedly sexually assaulted over a lengthy period of time by this wealthy and
powarfui man,* Cassell sald.
Epstein, 57, is currently under house arrest in his Palm Beach home after serving 13 months of an 18-
month state sentence for soliciting a minor for prostitution and sollciting prostitution. Nearly two dozen
young women have lled lawsuits against the billonaire money manager -. some already settled -- all
alleging Epstein sexually abused them as minors at his El Brillo Way home
Cites reporter's protected privilege
Rush, of the New York Daily News, was present in the courtroom, but did not have to testity Tuesday
Nether did Fort Lauderdale private investigator Michael Fisten, afso in the courtroom. Working on beha !
of Epstein victims, Fisten discovered the existence of the tape and had a conversation with Rush about its
contents.
Representing Rush and the newspaper, Washington atomey Laura Handman and New York Dally News
attomey Anne Carroll argued the tape should not be released under any circumstances, citing reporter's
protected privllege. Rush told Epstein the conversation was "off the record" and has never published any
portion of that conversation. But even if portions had been printed, the unpublished portions would stlll be
protected, Handman said.
Handman cited cases where interviews were conducted In the presence of other people and privilege was
not walved.
In addition, Handman argued that Rush should not have to testify in court.
The ability for reporter's privilege to be protected is crucial in culling sources and gathering information for
that's what reporters have lo do, Handman said.
"This is so critical to news gathering," Handman said. "Mr. Rush could find himself testifying in [many]
cases just because he had the temertty to do some reporting on a very important slory."
There Is nothing helpfut to Dos's case on the tape and "Jane Doe is not referred to once in that tape,"
Handman said.
Cassell argued that the tape is "critical in showing Epstein's lack of remorse."
Cassell described Epstein as a pitiless sexual abuser to Jane Doe and at least 30 other minor girs Even
though Jane Doe is not raferred to by name on the lape, Epstein refers to h s victims as "the girs"
and
makes disparaging remarks about them on the lape, Cassell sald.
Tape played for others
Cassell sald privilage does not apply because it was waived when Rush played the tape for three people
and verbally divulged its contents to two others, including Fisten and Edwards, who also represents two
other victims. But even if there Is "quallled privi ege," Cassell says, it is outweighed by Doe's Inabillty to
oblain the information anywhere else and the jury's need to hear Epstein's own words about his lack of
remorse.
Since Epstein has exercised his Filth Amendment right during questioning by victims' attomeys, the jury
#INSI ER
by
Shannon Donnelly
http//ni.newsbank.com/nl search/we/Archives?p_action doc&p_docl .ername diesqds_accountid ACO111040620221012261&s_upgradeable=no
Page 1 of 2




Search fo P
Beach Da y N
-ollow
on T iter!
NEWS
ligion
rchives
E-mail this pag:


Nästellor Corler fLog ir
LIFESTYLES
SHINY SHOTS
ADVERTISE
Thursduy, Apr 1 7, 2011
CONTACT US


sita
HOME
i..
woly
NEWS
SOCIETY
BUSINESS
: 4
ARTS


• Core
SHEET


FASHION
QBITUARICS
OPIN ON


ndod
UJ
491


rinte Friendly






Act by Tone:


Palm Beach Daily News: Archives
will have no other way to hear Epstein's words in his own voice, Cassell said.
Deadline for discovery In the Doe case Is May 31, with the trial set for July 14.
•• mdargan@pbdailynews.com
Copyright (c) 2010 Palm Beach Daily News
Reflnance Rater at 2.65%
$160,000 Mortgage for $659/mo. No SSN req
LendGo.com/Mortgage
DO NOI Buy Car Insurance
We found out how drivers can get
www.News79reakingNews


Man. Cheats Credt score
He Added 126 Polnts To HIs CredIt Score
www.CreditRcpatrfromh| me.com
$29/Mr Job - 262 Openings
Make $79/hr W rking From Home. As seen on
www.workfrom mag d net/Jobs


http://nl.newsbank.com/nl-search/we/Archives?P_a


By using Is corvice you accept ihe le ms of our Vistün Ag tarrenl.
Copyright 2007 Palm Booch Douy News Alt It ty rose ved.
The Paln Beach Dalty Nows
Privacy Polly lAboul this sia | Wile to us


ACAPIENADLED


4/7/11 1 35 PM


Page 2 of z


EDIA)


PalmBeac
Hensleller Conter | Log In
940
HOME
wch
NEWS
SOCIETY
BUSINESS
ARTS
FASHION
OBITUARIES
Thursday. Apr 1 7, 2011
CONTACT US.
OPINION
LIFESTYLES
SHINY SHOTS
ADVER 15E
JUST A CLICK AWAY!
Dining Directory
PalmBeachDailyNews.com
rin er f
updates in your e-mail
Sign up to receive
our e-mail
newsletters here.
Palm Beach Daily News
NEWSLETTERS


ea ch for Palm
Bea h Daily News
Foll w @Shinysheet
on Titler:
• •
NEWS
Religion | A hives
9 E-mail l is page
B Prin his
ge #M ip p
N w Sea ch
About your archives purchase:
Your purchase of 20 articles expires on 04/07/2011 4:22 PM.
You have viewed 2 articles and have 18 articles remaining.
Palm Beach Daily Nows (FL)
LAWYER: EPSTEIN MADE ADMISSIONS ON TAPE
MICHELE DARGAN, Daily News Staff Writer
Published: Apri 29, 2010
A lape recorded interview between a reporter and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein contains
"damning admissions by Epstein," which includes Epsten saying he had come "close to crossing a line"
concerning sex with underage girts.
Those and other revelations about the 22-minute interview by New York Daily News reporter George Rush
with Epstein are contained in a 24-page court fing by attorneys Brad Edwards and Paul Cassell on behalf
of Jane Doe. Edwards represents Doe and two other Epstein victims Edwards and Cassell are fighting lo
obtain the tape to further their case of sexual abuse by Epsten when Doe was a minor
Epstein, 57, was released from jail in July after serving 13 months of an 18-month state sentence for
soliciting a minor for prostitution and soliciting prostitution Nearly two dozen young women have fi ed
lawsults against Epstein -- some already settled
30825
his El Brillo Way home, where he is now serving house arrest
The New York Daily News Is seeking to keep the tape confidential, citing reporter's protected privilege
In response, Cassell says the newspaper waived its protected privilege when Rush played the recording
for three people and described its contents to two others, including Edwards
In addition, Cassell writes that priv lege can't be app led in this situation bacause it doesn't Involve an
Issue ralated to a confidential source The person on the tape is Epstein
Even if there is "qualified privilege " Cassel maintains it is outweighed by Doe's inabil ty to obtaln the
information anywhere else and her "compel ng need to obta n Jeffrey Epstein's own words about his
sexual abuse and lack of remorse "
When reached by phone Wednesday Anne Carroll, attorney for the New York Daily News, said she will
answer Cassell In a court filing. Both the New York Daily News and Doe have asked a federal court judge
in Manhattan to listen lo the tape in chambers to help determ ne whether privilege applies
Epsiein and others who he ped him procure minor girls for massages and sex acts have taken the Fifth
Amendment in the r depositions, stymieing Doe and the other victims suing Epstein, the documents say.
Michael Fisten, an investigator working for Doe, discovered the existence of the tape in fall 2009. An
author who had listened to the tape told Fister that Rush had a tape recording of Epstein "discussing the
sexual abuse of minor girts".
According to a sworn affidavit by Fisten, he called Rush, who confirmed he interviewed Epstein and made
a tape. According to Fisten, Rush told him that he compiled negative information from Epstein about his
explolts with underage girls and how he eluded the justice system But Fisten said that Rush told him that
his publisher, who knows Epstein, killed it after receiving a call from Epstein.
Fisten said Rush told hm, among other things that the following information was contained on the tape
That Epsten sald he went lo Jai in Forida for no reason and if the sexual abuse of minors had happened
In New York, he would have only received a $200 Ane
That L.M, one of Edwards' clients who sued Epstein for sexual abuse as a minor, came to him as a
prostitute and a drug user (mean ng she came to him for sex, rather than him pursuing her)
That all the gris suing him are only trying to get a meal ticket
That the only thing he mght have done wrong was to maybe cross the Ine a ittle too closely
In a swom deposition, Edwards states that Rush disclosed much of the information contained on the tape
to him In a conversation
Edwards said in his statement that the Rush Interview is "un que and not otherwise obtainable from other
witnesses because It can be used to prove perjury • a federal crime.
been tape recorded."
- mdargan@pbdallynews.com
Classifieds
Advertise
Real Estate
Automotive
••.
SUBSCRIB
..


nttp //nl.newsbank.com nl search/we/Archives p_action docop doci
ername dkiesqås_account|o ACO111040620221012261&s_upgradeablesno


-


hDailyNews.com
THE SHINY SHEKT


Slart or
Renew Your
Subscription


4/7/11 1 32 PM


Palm Beach Daily News Archives




05
• ular
rn or su s


Page 1 of 2




Palm Beach Daily News Archives
Epstein
Has 'come close to crossing a line.'
Copyright (c) 2010 Palm Beach Dally News
Retinance Bater At 7:65%
$160,000 Mortgage for $659/mo. No SSN req
LendGo.com/Mortgage
LEAKED: $25 Cer Insurance
Your Auto Insurer hates this.
News7BreakingNews.com
Man. "Cheatr" Credit Scors
He Added 126 Polnts To His Credit Score
www.CreditRepalrFromHome com
$72/Hr 2ob - 262 Qpenings
Make $79/hr Working From Home, As seen or
www.workfromhomeguide.nct/jobs


http://ni.newsbank.com/ni-search/we/ArChives?p_a


By using this service you accept he lenns of our Vister Agreein
Copyrght 2007 Pain Beach Dally Nows, All ughts reserved
The Palin Geach Darly Nows
Privacy Polly 1 Aboutilis sley Wrin to ts


ACARTENABIED
соКи


4/7/11 1 32 PM


Page 2 of 2






LexisNexis
6 of li DOCUMENTS
Copyright 2009 ProQuest Information and Learning
All Rights Reserved
ProQuest SuperText
Copyright 2009 Palm Beach Post
Paim Beach Daily News
September 20, 2009 Sunday
Dnl Edition
SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A.1
LONGTH: 1126 words
HEADLINE: ATTORNEY FOR EPSTEIN VICTIMS: 'I HAVE NEVER SEEN A STRANGER CASE'
BYLINE: MICHELE DARGAN, MICHELE DARGAN, Daily News Staff Writer
BODY:
Sex offender Jeffrey Epstein could have been charged with multiple counts of five federal offenses involving sex
acts with minors and faced a life sentence, but, instead, the government agreed not to prosecute him or his procurers if
he spent 18 months in the county jail on two state charges.
Those were the details unsealed Friday in a nine-page federal non- prosecution agreement that lets Epstein and
co-conspirators Sarah Kellen, Adriana Ross, Lesley Groff and Nadia Marcinkova off the hook for any of those past
crimes.
"He could have gone to prison for life and somehow he's getting immunity in exchange for nothing?" said Fort
Lauderdale attorney Brad Edwards, who represents three Epstein victims. "I have never seen a stranger case. To me, it's
more spectacular what's not in it. It's the U.S. Attorney's Office saying we'll do everything in our power to see he doesn'
get punished."
Edwards has been fighting for a year in federal and state court to unseal the agreement.
"The non-prosecution agreement raises more questions than it answers," said Miami attorney Adam Horowitz, who
represents seven victims. "Why did all the co-conspirators receive immunity? Why were the victims not consulted re-
garding the sentence? Why did he receive such a minimal sentence?
The federal deal has remained sealed in Epstein's state court file since he pleaded guilty in June 2008 to state
charges of procuring a minor for prostitution and soliciting prostitution.
U.S. Attorney's Office does not comment
The federal charges he could have faced were: conspiracy to persuade minor females to engage in prostitution,
titution, traveling to engage in illicit sexual conduct with minor females and causing a person under 18 years to engage
in sex for money while knowing they are underage.
The charges carry various statutory penalities ranging from 10 years to life, with a minimum mandatory of at least
10 years.
Alicia Valle, spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Miami, declined comment.
Expert: Feds take few sex-assault cases


Page 1




Page 2
ATTORNEY FOR EPSTEIN VICTIMS: 'I HAVE NEVER SEEN A STRANGER CASE' Palm Beach Daily News
September 20, 2009 Sunday
North Palm Beach criminal defense attomey Barry Maxwell said he is not surprised that federal charges weren't
filed.
"My experience has been that the federal government does not intervene in sex-assault cases, except if were deal-
ing with a serial rapist or it crosses jurisdictional lines," Maxwell said. "It's either not a big enough case or not atrocious
enough for them."
Epstein, 56, served 13 months of his 18-month sentence at the Palm Beach County Stockade and received liberal
work-release privileges while in jail. He was able to go to his West Palm Beach office six days a week for up to 16
hours a day.
He is now serving one year of probation at his Palm Beach mansion and is registered as a lifelong sex offender.
Epstein 'fully abided' by deal, says defense
Epstein's attorney Jack Goldberger released the following statement: "This document relates to allegations that
were made many years ago. It was by its provisions and agreement of the parties to remain confidential in part to proteci
the identities of collateral third parties.
"Mr. Epstein has fully abided by all of its terms and conditions. He is looking forward to putting this difficult peri-
od of his life behind him. He is continuing his longstanding history of science philanthropy both here in South Florida
and nationwide."
Goldberger had blocked the unsealing by filing court papers asking that the documents stay sealed "to prevent a se-
rious imminent threat to the fair, impartial and orderly administration of justice; to protect a compelling government
interest; to avoid substantial injury to innocent third parties; and to avoid substantial injury to a party by disclosure of
matters protected by a common law and privacy right, not generally inherent in these specific type of proceedings,
sought to be closed."
Circuit Judge Jeffrey Colbath ordered the agreement to be unsealed in June, but Epstein's attomeys appealed the
ruling to the Fourth District Court of Appeals, which affirmed Colbath's ruling. Colbath had ruled that the federal
agreement -- sealed in state court - was improperly sealed.
"I felt it was my fault'
More than a dozen lawsuits against the billionaire money manager have been filed in federal and state court, all
with similar allegations: that a minor girl was taken to Epstein's mansion on El Brillo Way and led upstairs to a spa
room by one of Epstein's assistants, where he would ask the girl to perform massages and/or various sex acts, for which
he would pay her.
One victim, who is known as Jane Doe #5 in a federal court lawsuit against Epstein, said she didn't find out about
the deal until after it was finalized. She was 15 at the time one of her schoolmates told her she could make $200 by giv-
ing a massage to a man in Palm Beach.
She says she was "nervous and scared and wanted to leave" once she got to Epstein's spa room.
"I thought, 'I can't call my dad or my mom because I'm stuck in this situation and didn't know what to do," she said.
"I really didn't know what this man was capable of. For a long time, 1 felt like it was my fault and that's exactly what he
wanted me to feel."
Epstein has curfew
While he is serving the 12 months of house arrest at his Palm Beach home, Epstein must observe a 10 p.m. to 6
a.m. curfew, have no unsupervised contact with anyone younger than 18 and not view, own or possess pomographic or
sexual materials.
The indictment followed an 11-month investigation by Palm Beach police, who said Epstein paid five underage
girls for massages and sometimes sex at his El Brillo Way home. Then-State Attomey Barry Krischer declined to pros-
ecute Epstein on multiple charges involving unlawful sex acts with minors. Instead, he brought the case to a grand jury,
which charged Epstein on the lesser charge of soliciting prostitution.
Then-Palm Beach Police Chief Michael Reiter wrote Krischer a letter asking him to recuse himself from the case.
When that didn't happen, Reiter requested an FBI investigation to determine if any federal laws were broken.




Page 3
ATTORNEY FOR EPSTEIN VICTIMS: 'I HAVE NEVER SEEN A STRANGER CASE' Palm Beach Daily News
September 20, 2009 Sunday
'Out of the ordinary'
West Palm Beach criminal defense attorney Gregg Lerman said several aspects of the Epstein case are unusual.
"I don't understand why it would be a federal case in this circumstance, and why was there anything in writing at all
and why did they seal the agreement?" Lerman said. "Why did it go to the grand jury instead of through the state filing
lewd assault charges? That's unusual. And it's very unusual that they structure a plea to get county time rather than
prison time. That's definitely out of the ordinary. Nobody goes to county jail as a state criminal punishment."
- mdargan
@pbdailynews.com
GRAPHIC: Caption: Epstein Deal does not allow prosecution of co-conspirators.
LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010


EARN MORE
5 Cr


Local News West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Martin & St. Lucie Counties The Palm Beach Post
4/6/11 138 PN
11
NEWS
NEXT NERATION PENNZOIL°
CLEANS OUT UP TO 40% OF
SLUDGE IN THE IST OIL CHANGE*
and annour arter test 1p tore unny BaL 54. 10.
Hot fart off, Peruzall'
Local News
Great r Palm Beaches and Treasure Coast
Palm Beach sex offender's secret plea deal:
Possible co-conspirators not charged, presses
victims to settle civil suits
By SUSAN SPENCER WEND
Palm Beach Post Staff Writer
Friday, September 18, 2009
WEST PALM BEACH — Billonaire financer sax offender Jeffrey Epstein's secret non-prosecution agreement he
struck with federal prosecutors was unsealed Friday, offering the first public look at the deal Epstein's high-powered
legal counsel brokered on hls behalf
According the agreement, the Federal Bureau of Invastigation and the U S Altomey's Office investigated Epstein
for various federal crimes, including prostitution some pun shable by a minimum of 10 years up to life in prison
But federal prosecutors backed down and agreed to racall grand jury subposanas If Epslein pleaded gullty to
prostitution-related felonies in state court which he ultimately did He racelved an 18-month jail sentence of which
he served 13
A former federal prosecutor of 15 years, Mark Johnson of Stuart, sald the disparty in the potential sentences was
The United States Altomey's Office aiso agreed not to charge any of Epstein's possible co-conspirators - Sarah
Kellen, Adriana Ross, Lesley Groff and Nadia Marcinkova.
The agreement was negotiated in part by New York heavyweight criminal defense attomey Gerald Lefcourt.
On Its first draft in September 2007, it required that Epstein pay an attomey - lapped by the U.S Attomey's Office
and approved by Epstein • to represent some of the victims in civil suits they had filed against Epsteln That
attomey is prominent Miami lawyer Bob Josefsberg
Former prosecutor Johnson said he has never seen a provision like that before
But an addendum to the agreement signed the following month struck Epsteln's duty to pay Josefsberg if he and the
victims did not accept a settlement and instead pursued litigation.
The agreement, signed by Assistant U.S Attorney Marla Villafana, does not axpressly state whether any victims
were contacted or consulted before the deal was made.
Attorney Brad Edwards of Fort Lauderdale, who represents three of the young women, belleves that none of the
between 30 and 40 woman identified as victims in the federal Investigation were told of the deal Edwards said his
clients were still receiving letters in the mall months afterwards saying the U.S Attorney's Office assuring them
Epsteln would be prosecuted.
"Never consulting the victims is probably the most outrageous aspect of it. " Edwards sald. "It taught them that
someone with money can buy his way out of anything. It's outrageous and embarrassing for United States
Attomey's Office and the State Attorneys Office."
Epstein now faces many civil lawsuits fled by the women, who are represented by a variety altomeys In many, the
facts alleged are the same that Epstein had a predilection for teenage girls, kentified poor, vulnerable ones and
lured them to his home via other young women. The teens describe ascending a staircase lined with nude
photographs of young girls and to the spa room where Epstein would appear in a small towel
Former Circult Judge Bill Berger, who represents one of the victims, and The Palm Beach Post sought the
unsealing of the agreement. Berger refers to it as a "sweetheart deal "
"Why was It so Important for the government to make this deal?" Berger asked rhetorically "We have not yet had
honest explanation by any public official as to why it was made... and why the victim's were sold down the river*
Former federal prosecutor Ryon McCabe described the agreement as "very unorthodox." Such agreements, he said,
are usually reserved for corporations, not indlviduals
O site O Web
Web Search by YAHOO!
Obama Launches Mortgage Relief Plan
If you owe less than 5729 000 on our
mortgage, you probably quality for the
President's Making Home Affordable
Program With rates lower than they've ever
been there has never been a better time to
rafinance if you are a homeowner and you
haven't looked into refinancing recently you
may be surprised at how much you can save
Select Your Age: 33
Calculate New House Payment
COLUMNISTS AND BLOGGERS
FRANK CERABINO
Read Frank's latest columns
and follow him on Twitter
Read more
HOT CELEBRITY NEWS
Gat the latest on South Florida
celebrites, bllionaires,
politicos, more
Page2Live
GEORGE BENNETT
Read Post politics columnist
George Bennett's latest
articles.
Read moro
MOST POPULAR
HEADLINES COMMENIS
Fatal shooting in Delray Beach draws crowd of 100
onlookers
Lake Worth mayor says The Cottage complaints use
"gay cars against city manager
West Palm Beach mayor: Flrefighter layotts likely
Narcy Novack charged in 2009 Fort Lauderdale killing
of her mother-in-law
Boynton Police war of new twist on ATM Identity fraud
FOLLOW THE POST ON TWITTER
SIGN UP FOR MOBILE TEXT ALERTS
The Palm Beach Post nF ce o
Like
16,985 peop e like The Palm Beach Post
http//www.palmbeachpost.com/pbcwest/content/local_news/epaper/2009/09/18/0918epstein.html
Page 1 of 3


* e Palm Brach Poil
AIR
: Gov. Scott O
Subacribe Now
Ronow


MONEY
UGI LARIES
CHIN ON
FP sT
LIVING
NITOS
ENTERTAINMENT
REAL ESTATE
PHOTOS
CLASSIFIEDS
VIDEOS
Ks lasi-minute bailout for courts, averting wo-week furloughs Click to read story
PLALEANA I
E-P H


-
b ok


HOME
SERVICES
NEWS
BREAKING NEWS




















Login
o Facebook o


Local News West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Martin & St. Lucie Counties The Palm Beach Post
"It's very, very rare l've never seen or heard of the procedure that was set up here " said McCabe who has no
Involvement in any Epstein #tigation and is now a securties ligation attorney
*He's essentially avoiding tederal prosecution because he can afford to pay that many lawyers to help those victims
review their cases
if a person has no money he couldnt be able to strike a deal like this and avoid federal
prosecution."
The back-room deal with federal prosecutors all the more interesting in light of the legal heavyweights who have
worked for Epstein including Harvard professor Alan Dershowitz and Kenneth Starr of Clinton impeachment fame
Lefcourt is a past prosident of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers
Epstein's local defense altomey Jack Goldberger, issued a statement Friday saying he had fought the release of
the sealed agreement to protect the third parties named there Mr Epstein has fully abided by all of its terms and
conditions. He is looking forward to putting this dificult perlod in his life behind him He is continuing his long
standing history of science philanthropy *
Epstein ended up avoiding federal charges, and pleaded gullty in state court to felony solicitation of prostitution and
procuring a person under the ago of 18 for prostitution In July 2008, he was sentanced to 18 months in jail and
later allowed out up to six days a week on work release
Epstein left the jail in fate July 2009 after serving not quite 13 months of the sentence, having earned gain time for
good behavior
Palm Beach Police began investigating the "International moneyman of mystery," as the Now York magazine
dubbed him, after they recelved a complaint from a relative of a 14-year-old girt who had given Epstein a naked
massage at his home on the Intracoastal Waterway
Police sought and found in poor neighborhoods a varlety of tail, thin, model-like young women, who told stones of
begin recruiting, then going to Epstein's home and massaging and stimulating him They walked away with between
$200 and $1,000
The Investigation triggered tensions between police and prosecutors with then-Chef Michael Reiter saying in a
May 2006 letter to then-State Allomey Barry Krischer that the chlaf prosecutor should disquality himself
"I continue to find your office's treatment of these cases highly unusual " Relter wrote He then asked for and got
the federal investigation that ended in the sealed deal
*The Jeffrey Epsteln matter was an experlence of what a many-million-dollar defense can accomplish " Relter told
the Palm Beach Daily Nows upon his retirement
4 6/11 1 38 PM
Ut
Audrey
Je rey
nat
Recent Activity
di be gged at
v rf nds actyly
Cerab no: Florida House GOP's 'uterus'
han: A free speech battle is larn
1,518 people shared ths.
Foreclosure crisis. Fed up judges crack
down disorder in the courts
207 people shared th s.
If facebook s
POSTPIX »
MAGES OF WAR in Iraq
and Af hanistan
Mass ve earthquake and
tsunami devastale Japan


Do Your Feet Hun?
SELBY SHOES
561-969-9369
We'Ll Pur Wowl Into Your Windows
IN THE SHADE INC
772-223-1212
Free Hearing Test!
BELTONE
561-848-3049
Goumnot Maatin Dolray
MARIO'S MEATS
561-499-7019
Do Your Feet Hurt?
SELBY SHOES
561-969-9369
Historic Archive
(1897-1988)
Search historic editions of Tha Palm Beech
Post Palm Boach Daily Nows Mom/ Nows and
more Il's freel
Page 2 of 3


пЕтр rwwo
http//www.palmbeachpost.com/pbcwest/content/local_news/epaper/2009/09/18/0918epstein.htm


Jer Mudlo Swom in as
Ma r
Severe weather In Central
South Florida


Vero
bra
Robin
Jodle


ocial plugin
Lalest news photos


01
Dit nee
ПО Э7




LexisNexis
7 of 11 DOCUMENTS
Copyright 2009 ProQuest Information and Learning
All Rights Reserved
ProQuest SuperText
Copyright 2009 Palm Beach Post
Palm Beach Daily News
June 25, 2009 Thursday
Final Edition
SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A.l
LENGTH: 557 words
HEADLINE: JUDGE TO RULE ON SEALED PLEA-DEAL PAPERS TODAY
BYLINE: MICHELE DARGAN, MICHELE DARGAN, Daily News Staff Writer
BODY:
A circuit judge will decide today whether the public will be privy to the federal government's non-prosecution deal
with Jeffrey Epstein, which was sealed when the convicted sex offender pleaded guilty in June 2008 to two felony
counts.
Epstein, of Palm Beach, will be released from the Palm Beach County Stockade July 22, after serving less than 13
months of his 18- month sentence for procuring a minor for prostitution and solicitation of prostitution.
Teri Barbera, spokeswoman for the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, confirmed his release date Tuesday.
Epstein's projected release date had been Sept. 24, but gain time - which includes his participation in a
work-release program - moves the date up to July 22, Barbera said.
Epstein, 56, has been in the work-release program since Oct. 10, in which he is allowed out of the stockade six days
a week, from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m., to go to his West Palm Beach office, the Florida Science Foundation, monitored by an
ankle bracelet and accompanied by a deputy.
As part of Epstein's state plea agreement, the U.S. Attorney's Office agreed not to prosecute Epstein on federal
charges as long as he fulfills all requirements of his sentence and probation. The federal non-prosecution agreement has
been under seal in state court.
Epstein's attomey Jack Goldberger filed court papers asking that the documents stay sealed for the following rea-
sons: "to prevent a serious imminent threat to the fair, impartial and orderly administration of justice; to protect a com-
pelling government interest; to avoid substantial injury to innocent third parties and to avoid substantial injury to a party
by disclosure of matters protected by a common law and privacy right, not generally inherent in these specific type of
proceedings, sought to be closed."
Fort Lauderdale-based attorey Brad Edwards represents three Epstein victims and has asked Circuit Judge Jeffrey
Colbath to unseal the federal agreement to the public. An attomey for The Palm Beach Post also has asked that the rec-
ords be unsealed.
Edwards and his clients have seen the agreement after a federal judge ruled that they are allowed to see it. But that
ruling bars Edwards and anyone else who sees the document from disclosing the terms to anyone else.
Edwards said he wants to use that document "in the deposition of various material witnesses" relative to his cases.


Page 1




Page 2
JUDGE TO RULE ON SEALED PLEA-DEAL PAPERS TODAY Palm Beach Daily News June 25, 2009 Thursday
Radaronline.com has reported that Epstein has "secretly been helping the feds unravel a Ponzi scheme" related to
the June 2008 indictment of two former managers of Bear Steams Mortgage Investment Fund.
Epsiein's rep, Howard Rubenstein, confirmed last year that Epstein is "Major Investor No. I" in the indictment,
which says he lost about $57 million.
Goldberger could not be reached for comment.
The Manhattan money manager has been incarcerated since June 30, when he pleaded guilty to the two felony
counts. As part of the plea agreement, Epstein must serve one year of house arrest after his release and register as a life-
long sex offender.
In addition to the criminal case, there are more than a dozen civil lawsuits -- both state and federal -- pending
against Epstein. All contain similar allegations: Epstein, through his employees and assistants, brought minor girls to his
Palm Beach home on El Brillo Way for erotic massages and sometimes sex.
- mdargan@pbdailynews.com
GRAPHIC: Caption: Epstein To be released from jail July 22.
LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010




LexisNexis
9 of 13 DOCUMENTS
Copyright 2009 Sun-Sentinel Company
All Rights Reserved
Sun-Sentinel (Fort Lauderdale, Florida)
June 15, 2009 Monday
Palm Beach Edition
SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3B
LENGTH: 348 words
HEADLINE: HEARING SET TO CONSIDER SECRECY OF PLEA BARGAIN
BYLINE: Susan Spencer-Wendell The Palm Beach Post
BODY:
A Palm Beach Circuit Court judge will not immediately unseal a deal that wealthy Palm Beach money manager
Jeffrey Epstein made with federal prosecutors to avoid charges.
Circuit Judge Jeff Colbath acknowledged, though, at a hearing last week that Epstein's deal was not sealed in ac-
cordance with state and local court rules.
"I don't see where any of the procedures were ever followed to begin with," Colbath said.
Colbath also set a full hearing on the matter for June 25.
Attorneys for young women now suing Epstein, together with The Palm Beach Post, are asking Colbath to unseal
the deal that Epstein made with federal prosecutors.
"It's a secret agreement, a secret sweetheart agreement," said former Circuit Judge Bill Berger, who represents
some of the women. "Everybody was in on this deal except the victims and the public. The public should be outraged il
has gone as far as it has."
Brad Edwards, a second attomey representing the women, has seen the sealed deal after a federal judge allowed
him and his clients to view it, but would not discuss its contents.
Edwards would say only that the women were "outraged" that it had been negotiated behind their backs.
A reporter asked Edwards whether he thought Epstein received special treatment by federal prosecutors.
"Are you kidding? It's transparent. Certainly, no one else gets treated like that," Edwards said.
Epstein, 56, a reported money manager of billionaires, is serving an 18-month sentence in the Palm Beach County
Stockade after pleading guilty almost a year ago in state court to felony solicitation of prostitution and procuring teen-
agers for prostitution. Epstein is allowed out, though, each day from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m., a Sheriff's Office spokesman
said.
Displeased with the way the State Attorney's Office handled the case, Palm Beach police forwarded information to
the FBI.
INFORMATIONAL BOX:
Young women have sued


Page 1




Page 2
HEARING SET TO CONSIDER SECRECY OF PLEA BARGAIN Sun-Sentinel (Fort Lauderdale, Florida) June 15,
2009 Monday
Money manager Jeffrey Epstein made a deal and is serving an 18-month sentence in jail. Attorneys for young
women suing Epstein are asking a judge to unseal the deal that Epstein made with federal prosecutors.
NOTES: < Informational box at end of text. (TOPIC) Prostitution solicitation case
LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2009

