

Doe 1 and 2 also alleged that Epstein's lawyers were discussing with the prosecutors a disposition
that would make it difficult for a judge to know what was really happening. DE 361 at 14 (citing
Exhibit 7). And Jane Doe 1 and 2 also alleged that Epstein and government lawyers were using
private, home e-mail address to conduct some of their discussions - and noted that no emails sent
to or from any home e-email addresses of prosecutors has every been produced. DE 361 at 15.
Jane Doe 1 and 2 reassert all of these thus-far uncontested factual claims and ask that the
Court accept them as part of deciding the basis for crafting an appropriate remedy. Epstein has
not challenged any of these facts proffered by Jane Doe 1 and 2. If Epstein wants this case to be
decided based on how his legal team acted, he needs to provide affidavits or other evidence of its
conduct - and he has not done so.
Even more significantly with regard to the alleged "bad faith" of Epstein's defense team is
19






22


The USAO-SDFL Was Not Authorized to Extend Epstein Immunity
Without First Conferring with his Victims.
Epstein also argues that the NPA is "a legal agreement." Epstein Remedies Br. at 25. By
this he apparently means that, if one looks merely at the four corners of the document, no provision
is, on its face, illegal. But as Jane Doe 1 and 2 have explained earlier, it is well accepted that a
contract or other agreement can be illegal based on the way in which it was formed. See Victims'
Remedy Reply to the Gov't, DE 464 at 27. Indeed, the Eleventh Circuit has clearly held that the
manner in which an agreement is formed can render an otherwise-valid agreement unenforceable.
In San Pedro v. United States, 79 F.3d 1065 (11th Cir. 1996), the Eleventh Circuit held that in
order for any provision in a plea agreement to be enforceable, "there must have been a valid,
binding agreement in the first instance..." Id. at 1068. In San Pedro, a defendant sought to
block a deportation proceeding by immigration authorities, arguing that a promise by prosecutors
of transactional immunity included a promise of nondeportation. Id. at 1067-68. In that case, as
in this one, it could have been argued that a promise of nondeportation was "a legal agreement."
But, nonetheless, the promise was unenforceable because, the Eleventh Circuit explained, the
prosecutor who made the commitment was not authorized to do so. Id. at 1070. In particular, "the
23


NPA from minor sex abuse victims - has unclean hands for multiple and obvious reasons - and
thus is barred from raising estoppel arguments.
Epstein Has Failed to Satisfy the Elements of the Equitable Estoppel
Doctrine.
In any event, even if some sort of equitable estoppel "doctrine" applied here, Epstein's
equitable estoppel argument is meritless. Equitable estoppel precludes challenging a document
only where that party "rel[ies] on the terms of the written agreement in asserting [her] claims." MS
Dealer Service Corp. v. Franklin, 177 F.3d 942, 947 (11th Cir. 1999). Here, of course, Jane Doe
1 and 2 did not "rely" on the NPA's terms to establish a CVRA violation - in fact, they were
challenging the terms. Thus, the basic elements of equitable estoppel are simply not in play.
Moreover, because equitable estoppel requires close assessment of all relevant
circumstances, it is important to understand the very limited reference the victims made to
Epstein's NPA in their civil lawsuits. Jane Doe 1 and 2 filed their civil lawsuits in about September
2008, only after their CVRA petition had been filed - and had succeeded in forcing the USAO-
SDEL to disclose the previously secret NPA. The victims' civil lawsuits briefly alleged that
Epstein had agreed that he had sexually abused the various victims and was therefore estopped
from denying the abuse. See DE 401-2 at 24 (quoting complaint). Of course, in September 2008,
the CVRA petition had already been filed - but had not yet been finally decided, much less decided
48

