

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE
individually, and Jeffrey Epstein, individually (jointly referred to
as "Parties"), enter into this Settlement Agreement and General Release ("Settlement
Agreement") in order to resolve the pending litigation between them as follows:
Dismissal. The Parties agree to immediately dismiss the pending lawsuit
presently styled E.W. VS. Jeffrey Epstein, Case No. 502008A028058XXXXMB AB
(15th Judicial Circuit of Palm Beach County), with prejudice upon payment and
clearance of the settlement amount; however, the Court will be asked to retain
jurisdiction to enforce the terms of this Settlement Agreement.
General Release.
and her agents), attorneys),
predecessors), successors), heirs), administrator(s), and/or assign(s) (hereinafter,
"First Parties"), for and in consideration of the sum of
and other valuable consideration, received from or on behalf of
Jeffrey Epstein and his agents), attorneys), predecessors), successors), heirs),
administrators), assign(s) and/or employees) (hereinafter, "Second Parties"), the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged,
HEREBY remise, release, acquit, satisfy, and forever discharge the said Second
Parties and any other person or entity who could have been included as a potential
defendant ("Other Potential Defendants") from all, and all manner of, action and actions
of
including State or Federal, cause and causes of action (common law
or statutory), suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills,


specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances,
trespasses, damages, judgments, executions, claims, and demands whatsoever in law
or in equity for compensatory or punitive damages that said First Parties ever had or
now have, or that any personal representative, successor, heir, or assign of said First
Parties hereafter can, shall, or may have, against Jeffrey Epstein, or Other Potential
Defendants for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever (whether
known or unknown), from the beginning of the world to the day of this release.
It is further agreed that this Settlement Agreement represents a final resolution of
a disputed claim and is intended to avoid further litigation.
Payment.


4. Reciprocal Confidentiality.
3


5.
Enforcement. This Settlement Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of the State of Florida.
4


6. Miscellaneous.
a. The Parties further confirm and acknowledge that this Settlement
Agreement is being entered into without any duress or undue
influence, and that they have had a full and complete opportunity to
discuss the terms of the Settlement Agreement with their own
attorneys.
b.
C.
d. This Settlement Agreement was negotiated and entered into by the
Parties with the advice and assistance of respective counsel.
e.
It is so agreed.
7. The attached addendum is also part of
this agreement.
5


17/6/10
Date
STATE OF Flarida
COUNTY OF Sade
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally anneared
who is personally known to me or has produced
identification, and executed the foregoing instrument.
WITNESS my hand and official seal this
l, day or July
- 2010.
Wheelu
Pint Name: Rubia V. Weeks
Print Name:
Commission No.:
My Commission Exisn
Notary Public State of Florida
Rubia V Weeks
My Commission DD858328
Expires 04/01/2013
as
6


2/1/1.
TATE OF FLORIDA Flori da
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein,
who is personally known to me or has produced
identification, and executed the foregoing instrument.
WITNESS my hand and official seal this.
, 2010.
Notary PublIc
Print Name: Lubia V. Week
Commission No.:
My Commission Expires:
PRY PU
Notary Public State of Florida
Rubia V Weeks
My Commission DD858328
Expires 04/01/2013


For Any Notice Provision:
1. For
2. For Jeffrey Epstein
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq.
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos
& Lehrman, PL
425 N. Andrews Ave.
Suite #2
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
Phone: 954-524-2820
Fax: 954-524-2822
Brad@pathtojustice.com
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq.
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman, LLP
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
561-842-2820
Fax: 561-253-0164
Or
Jack Alan Goldberger
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A
250 Australian Avenue South
Suite 1400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012
561-659-8300
Fax: 561-835-8691


ADDENDUM - SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
2.
3. Counsel for
have received, as part of discovery in
this lawsuit, certain corresnondence between Epstein's agents and federal
prosecutors.
may desire to use this
correspondence to prove a violation of her right to notice by the
government
The parties agree that Epstein will receive at least
seven days advance notice, in writing, of intent to so use the


correspondence
4
5. The parties agree that they shall not contact (nor respond to any request or
inquiry) to any print, internet, television or media nor any reporter,
author, or similar person to discuss any term or provision of this
settlement agreement, to conduct any interview or to sell or distribute
(with or without consideration) any story or facts relating to their
interactions or contact with each other. Any violations of this paragraph
shall subject the violating party to the enforcement provisions of
paragraph 5 of this settlement agreement.

